Title: Event Planning Coordinator
Company: American Heart Association
Location: Pittsburgh, PA
URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/event-planning-coordinator-at-american-heart-association-4428884367
Posted: 2023-05-12
Deadline: Open until filled
Reason: The role is an event planning coordinator which aligns with Manju's experience organizing community events at International House Oulu.

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

LinkedIn kunnioittaa yksityisyyttäsi

LinkedIn ja kolmannet osapuolet käyttävät välttämättömiä ja ei-välttämättömiä evästeitä palvelujemme tarjoamiseen, suojaamiseen, analysointiin ja parantamiseen sekä osuvien mainosten näyttämiseen sinulle (mukaan lukien ammattilais- ja työpaikkailmoitukset) LinkedInissä ja niiden ulkopuolella. Lisätietoja on evästekäytännössämme.

Hyväksy ei-välttämättömien evästeiden käyttö valitsemalla Hyväksy tai estä niiden käyttö valitsemalla Hylkää. Voit päivittää valintasi milloin tahansa asetuksista.

Hyväksy Hylkää
Hyppää pääsisältöön
LinkedIn
Työt
Poista teksti
Poista teksti
Kirjaudu sisään
Liity nyt
Event Planning Coordinator
American Heart Association  Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States
1 kuukausi sitten  29 Hakijoiden
  

Katso, kuka American Heart Association on palkattu tähän rooliin

Arvioi sopivuuttasi tekoälyn avulla

Hanki tekoälypohjaisia neuvoja tähän työhön ja muita eksklusiivisia ominaisuuksia.

Olenko sopiva tähän työhön?
Räätälöi ansioluetteloni
Overview

Since our founding in 1924, we've cut cardiovascular disease deaths in half, but there is still so much more to do. To overcome today’s biggest health challenges and accelerate this progress, we need passionate individuals like you. Join our movement, be part of the progress, and help ensure a healthier future for all. You matter, and so does the impact you can make with us.

The American Heart Association has an excellent opportunity for an Event Planning Coordinator in Pittsburgh, PA . This position is office-based in our Pittsburgh office. Position supports campaign events in Pittsburgh and Morgantown, WV . This position will require periodic travel for events and meetings, as well as occasional out-of-town and overnight travel within the Eastern States region.

This position is responsible for supporting development team members in their fundraising efforts. Duties include managing data across various event management systems related to leadership, donations, and event logistics; coordinating event planning with vendors and volunteers; processing payments through the financial system; and collaborating with colleagues and departments on a range of other key tasks that support our mission.

The Association offers many resources to help you maintain work-life harmonization through your changing needs and life situations. To help you be successful, you will have access to Heart U, our award-winning corporate university, as well as additional training and support, locally.

\#TheAHALife is more than a company culture; it is our way of life. It embodies our commitment to work-life harmonization and is guided by our core values where our employees can thrive both personally and professionally. Discover why you will Be Seen. Be Heard. Be Valued at the American Heart Association by following us on LinkedIn, Instagram, Facebook, X, and at heart.jobs.

Responsibilities

Event Logistics

Whether planning a donor reception, a Heart Walk, or a Gala experience, the Event Planning Coordinator is responsible for helping to plan and implement a variety of events that will appeal to both current and potential donors.


Coordinate logistical aspects of assigned events, ensuring seamless execution from start to finish
Proactively research, secure, and lead vendors for event services, ensuring cost-effective solutions and compliance with Association guidelines. Plan and coordinate event details, including venues, catering, entertainment, AV, and staging, while securing necessary legal approvals
Implement Association risk reduction procedures to ensure the safety and success of each event
Recruit, schedule, and train volunteers to assist with projects and events to ensure a positive experience
Attend events to be responsible for setup, execution, and teardown, ensuring everything runs smoothly.
Act as a point of contact for vendors, supporters, sponsors, volunteers, and attendees, providing exceptional service and support.
Prepare ADA-compliant digital event communications for save the dates, invitations, event logistics, event programs, and other marketing materials as needed in coordination with Association marketing and communications professionals using Association design templates and branding guidelines.
Possible involvement in virtual event production, including coordinating event content, creating multi-media presentations, and providing technical support for digital experiences.



Event Data Management

The Event Planning Coordinator is responsible for meticulously running all event-related data, including financial, fundraising metrics, and donation details for assigned campaigns. This role involves handling pivotal guest information, auction item data, and associated revenue/donations.


Handle Event Data: Collect, organize, enter, and maintain comprehensive event data, including guest names, contact information, table assignments, sponsorship/donor benefits, and other key notes relevant to the event.
Auction Item Data: Oversee the collection, management, and entry of auction item data, guaranteeing precise and prompt documentation in accordance with compliance standards.
Donation & Revenue Tracking, Data Quality and Analysis: Run and monitor donation information, ensuring accurate and timely recording. Correct irregularities as needed.
Generate reports from various systems as needed.



Financial Responsibilities

Help the American Heart Association maintain the trust of our volunteers, donors, and the general public by ensuring adherence to accounting guidelines and processes related to donation and payment processing.


Review Financial Reporting: Collaborate with fundraising teams to review campaign revenue reports, accounts receivable, and accounts payable reports, ensuring accuracy and completeness.
Research customer discrepancies and past-due amounts with the assistance of the Staff Accountant and other team members.
Input requests for payments in the financial system for vendor contracts and invoices.
Monitor and handle event budgets, ensuring cost-effective planning and adherence to financial guidelines.
Adhere to American Heart Association Funds Handling and PCI Procedures for checks, cash, and credit card transactions.



Support Services

The Event Planning Coordinator plays a crucial role in supporting a cohesive, efficient, and productive workplace.


Meeting regularly with directors and volunteers to maintain open lines of communication to ensure objectives are being achieved.
Maintaining a high level of service by responding to customer inquiries both internally and externally in a knowledgeable and timely manner.
Performing other duties as required to support Directors/Sr. Directors, Vice Presidents, and Senior Vice Presidents.
Assisting in the coordination and execution of leadership and board meetings.
Preparing presentations, correspondence, and documentation in a timely manner, including meeting minutes.
Working independently and within a team on special nonrecurring and ongoing projects.



Qualifications

Want to help get your resume to the top? Take a look at the experience we require:


Must have earned a high school diploma or equivalent.
At least three years of experience in administrative work, project coordination, and/or event management systems with strong attention to detail.
Experience in event planning, organizing, consultation, and event management preferred. Proficient in using web conferencing software (Zoom, Microsoft Teams, etc.).
Demonstrated ability to work on multiple tasks concurrently.
Must have intermediate skills in PowerPoint, Word, and Excel. Advanced knowledge and skill with these programs is helpful. These skills are subject to testing.
Ability to objectively evaluate, make effective decisions, and develop alternative solutions.
Ability to work in a team environment and interact with all levels of American Heart Association staff, volunteers, and the public. This includes the ability and willingness to build and cultivate relationships within and outside the American Heart Association.
Ability to be respectful, self-motivated, resourceful, considerate, and thoughtful.
Willingness to work in an atmosphere requiring flexibility and change. Validated ability to respond quickly to changing ideas, responsibilities, expectations, strategies, and other processes at work.
Knowledge of and skill in report preparation, proofreading, and attention to detail.
Requires access to reliable transportation at all times on an immediate basis.
Ability to transport materials and other supplies to and from meetings and events. Ability to and/or move large objects (such as boxes) with the expectation that heavier items would be broken down into smaller components, or requesting additional assistance may be required before lifting and/or moving.
Must pass a background check.



Preferred Qualifications, not mandatory to qualify :


Nonprofit experience.
Digital event production experience.
Design skills, preferably in Canva or similar.
Knowledge of email marketing basics.
Experience using Tableau reports.
Proficient in Microsoft SharePoint and Teams.
Experience with vendor negotiation and contract review.



Compensation & Benefits

The expected pay range is $21.90 to $28.00/hour. Pay is commensurate with experience; geographic differentials may apply to the pay range. American Heart Association reserves the right to pay more or less than the posted range.

The American Heart Association invests in its people. Here are the main components of our total rewards package. Visit Rewards & Benefits to see more details.


Compensation – Our goal is to ensure you have a competitive base salary. That’s why we regularly review the market value of jobs and make adjustments, as needed.
Performance and Recognition – You are rewarded for achieving success through annual salary planning and incentive programs; eligibility for an incentive program is based on the type of position.
Benefits – We offer a wide array of benefits, including medical, dental, vision, disability, and life insurance, along with a robust retirement program that includes an employer match and automatic contribution. As a mark of our commitment to employee well-being, we also offer an employee assistance program, employee wellness program and telemedicine, and medical consultation.
Professional Development – You can join one of our many Employee Resource Groups (ERG) or be a mentor/mentee in our professional mentoring program. Heart U is the Association’s national online university, with more than 100,000 resources designed to meet your needs and busy schedule.
Work-Life Harmonization – The Association offers Paid Time Off (PTO) at a minimum of 16 days per year for new employees. The number of days will increase based on seniority level. You will also have a total of 12 paid holidays off each year, which includes several days off at the end of the year.
Tuition Assistance - We support the career development of all employees. This program provides financial assistance to employees who wish to further their education and career in relation to their current duties and responsibilities, or for potential future positions in the organization.



The American Heart Association’s 2028 Goal: Building on over 100 years of trusted leadership in cardiovascular and brain health, by 2028 the Association will drive breakthroughs and implement proven solutions in science, policy, and care for healthier people and communities. The greatest discoveries in health must reach everyone where they are.

At American Heart Association | American Stroke Association, our mission is to be a relentless force for a world of longer, healthier lives, regardless of race, ethnicity, gender, gender identity, religion, age, language, sexual orientation, national origin and physical or cognitive abilities.

This position not a match with your skills? Click here to see other opportunities.

In accordance with local and state laws where applicable, qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment.

EOE/Protected Veterans/Persons with Disabilities

\#AHAIND3,

Join our Talent Community!

Join our Talent Community to receive updates on new opportunities and future events.

Default: Location : Location US-PA-Pittsburgh

Posted Date 1 month ago (5/12/2026 7:00 PM)

Requisition ID 2026-17579

Job Category Administrative Support

Position Type Full Time


Show more 
Seniority level
Keskijohto
Työn tyyppi
Kokopäiväinen
Työtehtävä
hallinta ja Teollisuus
Industries
Voittoa tavoittelemattomat organisaatiot, Sairaalat ja terveydenhuolto ja Hyvinvointi- ja kuntopalvelut
  

Lähetteet lisäävät mahdollisuuksiasi haastatteluun American Heart Association 2x

Katso, kenet tunnet
Saat ilmoituksen, kun uusi työpaikka julkaistaan.
Aseta hälytys
Samankaltaiset työpaikat
Coordinator for Traditions & Events
Coordinator for Traditions & Events
University of Pittsburgh
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States
1 kuukausi sitten
Conference Planner
Conference Planner
Federated Hermes
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States
3 viikkoa sitten
Scheduling & Events Coordinator
Scheduling & Events Coordinator
University of Pittsburgh
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States
1 kuukausi sitten
Catering - Catering & Events Coordinator
Catering - Catering & Events Coordinator
SSA Group
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States
1 viikko sitten
Events Coordinator
Events Coordinator
United Way of Southwestern Pennsylvania
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States
1 kuukausi sitten
Coordinator of Student Involvement and Traditions – Division of Student Affairs
Coordinator of Student Involvement and Traditions – Division of Student Affairs
Carnegie Mellon University
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States
1 kuukausi sitten
Show more jobs like this 
Muita katsottuja
Brand Operations Coordinator - Aerie & Offline
Brand Operations Coordinator - Aerie & Offline

American Eagle Outfitters Inc.

Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States
42 000,00 $ - 55 000,00 $
3 viikkoa sitten
Development Coordinator
Development Coordinator

Jeremiah's Place - Pittsburgh Relief Nursery

Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States
5 päivää sitten
LN Venues, Premium Sales and Service Coordinator - The Pavilion at Star Lake
LN Venues, Premium Sales and Service Coordinator - The Pavilion at Star Lake

Live Nation Entertainment

Burgettstown, Pennsylvania, United States
6 päivää sitten
Coordinator, Belonging and Inclusion - Pittsburgh, PA
Coordinator, Belonging and Inclusion - Pittsburgh, PA

VetJobs

Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States
4 päivää sitten
Event Marketing / Promotions Assistant
Event Marketing / Promotions Assistant

BVM Agency inc

Greater Pittsburgh Region
1 viikko sitten
Life Enrichment (Activities) Assistant
Life Enrichment (Activities) Assistant

Legend Senior Living®

Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States
14 tuntia sitten
Community Programs Manager
Community Programs Manager

Pittsburgh Ballet Theatre

Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States
2 kuukautta sitten
Event Operations Manager - Pittsburgh Marriott North
Event Operations Manager - Pittsburgh Marriott North

Encore

Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States
53 210,00 $ - 69 173,00 $
5 päivää sitten
Banquet Manager
Banquet Manager

Piatt Companies

Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States
1 viikko sitten
Operations Staff- Petersen Event Center
Operations Staff- Petersen Event Center

Legends Global

Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States
4 päivää sitten
Samankaltaisia hakuja
sopimustyöhönottaja Työpaikkoja
10 450 avointa työpaikkaa
Tapahtumakoordinoija Työpaikkoja
47 684 avointa työpaikkaa
Lahjakkuuksien hankinta Työpaikkoja
20 363 avointa työpaikkaa
Työhönottaja Työpaikkoja
243 016 avointa työpaikkaa
Myyntinäyttelykoordinoija Työpaikkoja
35 272 avointa työpaikkaa
Konferenssisuunnittelupäällikkö Työpaikkoja
615 avointa työpaikkaa
Tapahtuman hallinta Työpaikkoja
11 813 avointa työpaikkaa
Tapahtumasuunnittelun assistentti Työpaikkoja
33 851 avointa työpaikkaa
Tapahtumavastuuhenkilö Työpaikkoja
41 874 avointa työpaikkaa
Tapahtumaesimies Työpaikkoja
7 700 avointa työpaikkaa
Tapahtumatuottaja Työpaikkoja
4 330 avointa työpaikkaa
Tapahtumasuunnittelija Työpaikkoja
11 796 avointa työpaikkaa
Näytä lisää 
Tutustu LinkedInin suosituimpaan sisältöön

Löydä kuratoituja julkaisuja ja oivalluksia olennaisista aiheista yhdessä paikassa.

Näytä suosituin sisältö
Lisää hakuja 
LinkedIn
© 2026
Tietoja
Saavutettavuus
Käyttäjäsopimus
Tietosuojakäytäntö
Evästekäytännöt
Tekijänoikeuskäytännöt
Brändikäytäntö
Vieraiden hallinta
Yhteisön ohjeet
Kieli
Kirjaudu sisään nähdäksesi, keitä tunnet jo American Heart Association
Kirjaudu sähköpostiosoitteella

tai

Oletko uusi LinkedIn-käyttäjä? Liity nyt

Kun liityt tai kirjaudut sisään valitsemalla Jatka, hyväksyt LinkedInin käyttäjäsopimuksen, tietosuojakäytännön ja evästekäytännön.