Title: Legal Internship, Immigration Impact LAB
Company: Amica Center for Immigrant Rights
Location: Washington, DC
URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/legal-internship-immigration-impact-lab-at-amica-center-for-immigrant-rights-4432534937
Posted: N/A
Deadline: 2026-07-31
Reason: The internship is located in Washington, DC and focuses on immigration law and litigation. Manju has completed supplementary Finnish bar qualification studies.

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

LinkedIn respects your privacy

LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy.

Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings.

Accept Reject
Skip to main content
LinkedIn
Jobs
Clear text
Clear text
Sign in
Join now
Legal Internship, Immigration Impact LAB
Amica Center for Immigrant Rights  Washington, DC
1 hour ago   Be among the first 25 applicants
  

See who Amica Center for Immigrant Rights has hired for this role

Apply 
Save
Description

The Amica Center for Immigrant Rights fights for the rights, safety, and unity of immigrant communities, standing with those trapped in our nation’s fundamentally flawed immigration system. We engage in unwavering legal defense and strategic litigation for immigrant children and adults facing detention and deportation in the Capital Region and beyond, because everyone has the right to be free, safe, and supported.

We are seeking a 2L or 3L law student with a passion for immigrants’ rights, litigation, and public interest law for a Fall internship with our Immigration Impact Lab. The Immigration Impact Lab is Amica Center’s appellate and federal litigation project. Through the Lab, Amica Center responds to attacks on immigrants’ rights by bringing appeals and federal district court actions with the potential to improve laws applicable to the wider immigrant community. The Legal Intern will assist our staff with representing immigrants in appeals before the Board of Immigration Appeals (BIA) and the U.S. Courts of Appeal. The Legal Intern will also assist our staff with class action cases, amicus briefs, Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) complaints, and habeas petitions in federal district courts and U.S. Courts of Appeal.

We are currently accepting applications for Fall 2026. Our Fall Internship Program requires a commitment of at least 15 hours a week for 13 weeks, starting on or about August 31, 2026.

Internships are?unpaid; however,?Amica Center can?assist students seeking internship credit. There is also a limited number of small scholarship stipends available by separate application. More information on our scholarship fund and the application instructions is available here: https://amicacenter.org/join-the-fight/careers-internships/

Remote Work

To keep our internships accessible to all students regardless of geographic location, all Fall 2026 internships may be remote. We encourage applicants from local law schools and those from outside the D.C. area to apply. There is no requirement that interns conduct any in-person work during their internships, but interns may have the opportunity to observe court in person if they would like to do so. For interns physically accessible to Washington, D.C., there will be opportunities for in-office work, in-person meetings, and events with staff and fellow interns.

General Responsibilities

Appeals

The Legal Intern may assist with all aspects of our ongoing appeals at the BIA and federal circuit courts related to asylum/Convention Against Torture, the intersection of criminal and immigration law (“crimmigration”), and immigration detention, including assessing new referrals, conducting legal research, writing memoranda, and contributing to amicus and merits briefing.

Habeas Petitions

The Legal Intern may assist with drafting habeas petitions to secure the release of immigrant adults from detention, as well as preparing habeas cases for placement with pro bono partners. This assistance may include legal research, phone interviews with clients in detention, evidence collection, drafting of petitions, and collaboration with community advocacy groups.

FOIA Litigation

The Legal Intern may assist with new and ongoing litigation under the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). This assistance may include drafting FOIA requests and complaints, researching applicability of FOIA exemptions, and tracking/analyzing FOIA production.

Resources, Trainings, and Practice Advisories

The Legal Intern may help the Lab develop its website resources, conduct trainings, and draft practice advisories to support and educate attorneys who work with immigrants in detention. This may include working on crimmigration case analyses to assist criminal defense attorneys in Virginia and Maryland and developing our public resources that are available on our website and by request.

Qualifications


A second or third-year law student at a U.S. ABA-accredited law school. Evening students are also welcome to apply
Ability to commit a minimum of 15 hours a week
Strong legal research, communication, and writing skills
Strong organizational and time-management skills and willingness to work quickly and effectively with a team
Experience and interest in working in immigration law, immigrants’ rights, or related fields like social justice and advocacy
Competency and comfort in working with adults and children from low socio-economic backgrounds, with histories of trauma and previous interactions with the criminal justice system
Background in community organizing/political lobbying is a plus but not required
Spanish fluency is preferred but not required. Fluency in other languages, such as French, Portuguese, or Arabic, is welcome


Required Resources


A laptop or computer
Reliable internet
A phone
Amica Center may be able to provide access to a temporary laptop as needed.


Application Process

Applicants from historically underrepresented groups are encouraged to apply. If relevant, please discuss in your application how your background motivates your interest in this position or otherwise affects your career goals.

To Be Considered For The Internship, Please Fill Out The Application Link Below And Attach The Following Materials In .pdf Format


A cover letter indicating your interest in the position. Please describe what experiences, personal and professional, have motivated you to apply.
A resume;
At least two references; and
A writing sample. In addition to legal memoranda and briefs, research papers and articles are accepted. Only one writing sample is required and preferred.


Please apply to ONLY ONE department within Amica Center. For example, if you apply for this internship with the Immigration Impact Lab, please do not apply for an internship with the Detained Adult Program. Please choose the department that best matches your preference, skills, and experience.

Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Interviews may be scheduled and offers given before the deadline, so please apply as soon as you are able.

DEADLINE TO APPLY: July 31, 2026.

For any questions specific to the Lab internship position, please reach out to Immigration Impact Lab Senior Attorney Amelia Dagen at amelia@amicacenter.org.

Requirements

See above.
Show more 
Seniority level
Internship
Employment type
Volunteer
Job function
Legal
Industries
Legal Services
  

Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Amica Center for Immigrant Rights by 2x

See who you know
Get notified when a new job is posted.
Set alert
Similar jobs
Legal Fellow (Fall 2026)
Legal Fellow (Fall 2026)
Wikimedia Foundation
United States
2 weeks ago
Intern
Intern
Syniti
United States
3 weeks ago
Legal Intern
Legal Intern
Campaign for the Fair Sentencing of Youth
United States
1 month ago
Privacy - Legal Intern
Privacy - Legal Intern
Rackspace Technology
United States
1 day ago
Law Clerk (O-1 / EB-1 / NIW Focus)
Law Clerk (O-1 / EB-1 / NIW Focus)
Vanguard Visa Law
United States
1 day ago
Legal Intern
Legal Intern
Prosperity Life
United States
$25 - $40
1 week ago
Show more jobs like this 
People also viewed
Legal Externship
Legal Externship

POLITICO

Arlington, VA
3 weeks ago
Fall 2026 Legal Department Undergraduate Internship
Fall 2026 Legal Department Undergraduate Internship

Brennan Center for Justice

Washington, DC
$18.40 - $18.40
1 day ago
Fall 2026 Liberty and National Security Legal Internship
Fall 2026 Liberty and National Security Legal Internship

Brennan Center for Justice

Washington, DC
$20.90 - $20.90
1 day ago
Immigration Consultant | US
Immigration Consultant | US

Deel

United States
1 week ago
PKTrains Legal Advocacy Interns and Externs
PKTrains Legal Advocacy Interns and Externs

Public Knowledge

Washington, DC
2 months ago
Public Policy Intern
Public Policy Intern

RAINN

Washington, DC
1 week ago
2027 Summer Associate: Litigation
2027 Summer Associate: Litigation

Nixon Peabody LLP

Washington DC-Baltimore Area
2 days ago
DC Area Civil Rights Legal Internship
DC Area Civil Rights Legal Internship

Washington Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights and Urban Affairs

Washington, DC
6 days ago
Paralegal
Paralegal

Higgs Law PLLC

United States
2 weeks ago
Refugee and Immigrant Rights Policy Legal Fellow
Refugee and Immigrant Rights Policy Legal Fellow

Human Rights First

United States
1 week ago
Similar Searches
Associate Lawyer jobs
19,915 open jobs
Attorney jobs
37,177 open jobs
Lawyer jobs
24,273 open jobs
Legal Intern jobs
3,779 open jobs
Summer Law Clerk jobs
5,764 open jobs
Law Student jobs
7,374 open jobs
Anesthesiology Resident jobs
677 open jobs
Law Clerk jobs
13,244 open jobs
Compliance Intern jobs
1,359 open jobs
Legal Associate jobs
30,297 open jobs
Candidate Attorney jobs
10,898 open jobs
Legal Research Assistant jobs
2,166 open jobs
Show more 
Explore top content on LinkedIn

Find curated posts and insights for relevant topics all in one place.

View top content
More searches 
LinkedIn
© 2026
About
Accessibility
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Copyright Policy
Brand Policy
Guest Controls
Community Guidelines
Language
Sign in to see who you already know at Amica Center for Immigrant Rights
Sign in with Email

or

New to LinkedIn? Join now

By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.