Title: Engagement Officer
Company: City of Santa Fe Springs
Location: Bismarck, ND
URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/engagement-officer-at-city-of-santa-fe-springs-4449883359
Posted: 2026-08-12
Deadline: N/A
Reason: The role type is a generalist office position, but it's located in Bismarck, ND, USA which doesn't match Manju's Finland-only job search criteria.

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

LinkedIn kunnioittaa yksityisyyttäsi

LinkedIn ja kolmannet osapuolet käyttävät välttämättömiä ja ei-välttämättömiä evästeitä palvelujemme tarjoamiseen, suojaamiseen, analysointiin ja parantamiseen sekä osuvien mainosten näyttämiseen sinulle (mukaan lukien ammattilais- ja työpaikkailmoitukset) LinkedInissä ja niiden ulkopuolella. Lisätietoja on evästekäytännössämme.

Hyväksy ei-välttämättömien evästeiden käyttö valitsemalla Hyväksy tai estä niiden käyttö valitsemalla Hylkää. Voit päivittää valintasi milloin tahansa asetuksista.

Hyväksy Hylkää
Hyppää pääsisältöön
LinkedIn
Työt
Poista teksti
Poista teksti
Kirjaudu sisään
Liity nyt
Engagement Officer
City of Santa Fe Springs  Bismarck, North Dakota, United States
23 tuntia sitten   Ole ensimmäisten 25 hakijan joukossa
  

Katso, kuka City of Santa Fe Springs on palkattu tähän rooliin

Hae 
Tallenna
Job Description

This position is primarily responsible for disseminating the City of Bismarck's public information through available platforms, currently identified as the website and social media, among others. The Engagement Officer helps ensure the city’s Communications Division’s programs, activities and assets are consistent with the organization’s values, goals and mission. Outreach efforts aim to inform and engage City of Bismarck residents, the Board of Commissioners, city staff, community partners, and visitors.

Examples of Duties


Develop and implement comprehensive communication strategies, schedules, and campaigns that align with the City of Bismarck’s brand and strategic plan.
Monitor, listen to, and respond to user comments and messages to build relationships and foster an active community.
Exercise interpersonal sensitivity, tact, and diplomacy in public contact.
Recognize opportunities to develop or augment innovative and engaging content.
Assist in the management of social media, website content and additional internal- or external-facing content and stay informed about the latest trends, tools, and best practices.
Serve as a supporting liaison between the City of Bismarck and news media, answers inquiries and coordinates or participates in interviews. Proactively develops and manages relationships with local, regional and national media professionals. This includes pitching stories, managing media contacts, responding appropriately to media inquiries and assisting city departments through coordination with media, preparation of talking points/messaging, and other support under the direction of the city’s Communication Strategist.
Provide support during emergencies to produce clear, effective and timely communications under the direction of the city’s Communication Strategist. Serves as a backup Administrative Public Information Officer as directed.
Assist in ongoing evaluation and support of emergency and/or crisis communication plans as requested.
Compile city data to support the goals and objectives of City Commissioners and departments.
Track key performance metrics (KPIs), data summaries and analyze data to promote projects, services and events, as well as direct public inquiries to appropriate departments and City information sources.
Analyze the organization’s engagement strategies and make improvement suggestions.
Prepare and edit communications, documents and presentations on behalf of the City Commission, the Administration Department, or other departments of the City of Bismarck, to further the communications vision for the city and aid in dealings with state legislative and executive officers, federal administrative agencies and officials, officers of local governments, schools and community groups.
Utilize analytical and critical thinking abilities and attention to detail while doing repetitive tasks.
Assist with internal city communication efforts, as well as providing content for external-facing platforms and/or publications.
Support planning and promotion of city-sponsored events and public engagement initiatives.
Maintain working relationships with other professionals in the field; attend local and statewide meetings.
Performs related work duties and activities in accordance with city policies and procedures, while articulating the city’s mission, vision, and values.
Perform other related duties as assigned.


Minimum Qualifications


A deep understanding of website, content management, and social media platforms.
Strong writing, editing and communication skills.
Demonstrated ability to manage multiple projects and deadlines in a fast-paced environment.
The ability to stay flexible with an ever-evolving technology landscape and task list.
Knowledge and level of competency commonly associated with the completion of a baccalaureate degree in a course of study related to the occupational field.
Sufficient experience to understand the basic principles relevant to the major duties of the position, usually associated with the completion of an apprenticeship/internship or having had a similar position for one to two years.
Possession of, or ability to readily obtain, a valid driver’s license issued by the State of North Dakota, for the type of vehicle or equipment operated.
Willingness to pursue continuing education through organizations such as FEMA, TEEX, EMI, CDP, etc.
Ability to work independently and as part of a team.
Familiarity with municipal government operations is preferred.


Supplemental Information


Knowledge of website administration, content management, and social media management principles.
Knowledge of analytics tools (e.g. Google Analytics, social media insights) to evaluate engagement performance.
Knowledge of Search Engine Optimization (SEO) and keyword research best practices.
Knowledge of computers and job-related software programs (Microsoft Office, Adobe Creative Suites, etc.).
Knowledge of graphic design and multimedia content.
Knowledge of writing and editing techniques, such as journalism principles and practices, for a variety of platforms.
Knowledge of public communication relations principles, techniques and practices.
Knowledge of modern office principles.
Knowledge and understanding of the role of government, the context in which the city operates, and the roles of City Commissioners and staff in this environment.
Knowledge of crisis communication strategies.
Knowledge of relevant federal and state laws, city ordinances and department policies and procedures.
Knowledge of problem-solving, prioritization, organization and planning tactics.
Knowledge of oral and written communication and presentation best practices.


City Of Bismarck Benefits Summary

01

How many years of experience do you have managing website content?


None
1-2 years
3-5 years
5-10 years
More than 10 years


02

How many years of experience do you have managing social media accounts?


None
1-2 years
3-5 years
More than 5 years


03

If you have managed social media social accounts, what kind of accounts have you managed?


I have not managed any social media accounts
Facebook
Instagram
X
LinkenIn
Threads
YouTube
What'sApp
TikTok
Other


04

What types of content have you created or scheduled for social media?


Written posts
Graphics
Short form video
Long form video
Live-stream content
Other
None of the above


05

If you selected “Other” for the types of content you have created or scheduled for social media, please specify.

06

Please describe a successful social media campaign you supported or led. What made the campaign effective?

07

How many followers do or did you have on the social media accounts you manage or managed? Please include the number of followers and the platform.

08

What is your familiarity with ADA compliancy?


No knowledge
Somewhat familiar
Familiar
Very familiar
Expert level knowledge


09

Have you created and managed an electronic newsletter previously?


Yes
No


10

What platforms have you used for email newsletters?


Mailchimp
Constant Contact
GovDelivery
Hubspot
CivicPlus
Other
None of the above


11

If you selected “Other” for platforms you have used for email newsletters, please specify.

12

What is your familiarity with AP Style?


No knowledge
Somewhat familiar
Familiar
Very familiar
Expert level knowledge


13

What analytics tools have you used to evaluate engagement or reach?


Platform analytics (social media tools such as Meta Business Suite or specific social media analytics tools)
Google Analytics
Hootsuite/Sprout Social
Other
None


14

If you selected “Other” for analytic tools you have used to evaluate engagement or reach, please specify.

15

Which of the following tools have you used?


Canva
Adobe Creative Cloud
Microsoft Office
Google Workspace
Social Scheduling Tools (Hootsuite, Buffer, Later)
Other
None


16

If you selected “Other” for the types of tools you have used, please specify.


Required Question
Show more 
Seniority level
Lähtötaso
Työn tyyppi
Kokopäiväinen
Työtehtävä
Muu
Industries
Yhdyskuntasuunnittelu
  

Lähetteet lisäävät mahdollisuuksiasi haastatteluun City of Santa Fe Springs 2x

Katso, kenet tunnet

Saat ilmoituksen uusista Upseeri työpaikoista .Bismarck, North Dakota, United States

Kirjaudu sisään luodaksesi työpaikkahälytyksen
Samankaltaiset työpaikat
Community Engagement Specialist
Community Engagement Specialist
The GOD'S CHILD Project
Bismarck, North Dakota, United States
1 viikko sitten
Community Engagement Specialist
Community Engagement Specialist
Scion Staffing
Bismarck, North Dakota, United States
60 000,00 $ - 65 000,00 $
3 viikkoa sitten
Community Launch Coordinator (Bismarck, ND)
Community Launch Coordinator (Bismarck, ND)
Down Home
Bismarck, North Dakota, United States
1 viikko sitten
Community and Client Relations Specialist
Community and Client Relations Specialist
Missouri Slope
Bismarck, North Dakota, United States
6 päivää sitten
Parent Partner
Parent Partner
Nexus Family Healing
Bismarck, North Dakota, United States
1 kuukausi sitten
Member Engagement Manager
Member Engagement Manager
Girl Scouts Dakota Horizons
Bismarck, North Dakota, United States
1 viikko sitten
Show more jobs like this 
Muita katsottuja
Advanced Associate, Customer Service (Accommodations Scheduling)
Advanced Associate, Customer Service (Accommodations Scheduling)

Pearson

Bismarck, North Dakota, United States
1 viikko sitten
Burleigh County Library Associate II
Burleigh County Library Associate II

City of Santa Fe Springs

Bismarck, North Dakota, United States
1 viikko sitten
Regional Communications Coordinator
Regional Communications Coordinator

Ducks Unlimited

Bismarck, North Dakota, United States
3 viikkoa sitten
Intake Advocate
Intake Advocate

Tort Experts

North Dakota, United States
2 kuukautta sitten
Communications Manager
Communications Manager

North Dakota Department of Financial Institutions

Bismarck, North Dakota, United States
6 päivää sitten
Early Career Opportunities - Join Our Talent Community
Early Career Opportunities - Join Our Talent Community

Philip Morris International

Bismarck, North Dakota, United States
6 kuukautta sitten
Cross Ranch State Park Seasonal Park Ranger
Cross Ranch State Park Seasonal Park Ranger

North Dakota Parks & Recreation Department

Center, North Dakota, United States
1 kuukausi sitten
Eligibility Worker
Eligibility Worker

ND Health and Human Services

Bismarck, North Dakota, United States
1 viikko sitten
Recruitment & Engagement Coordinator
Recruitment & Engagement Coordinator

Home Instead

Bismarck, North Dakota, United States
1 viikko sitten
Service Extension Area Manager - Central & Western ND
Service Extension Area Manager - Central & Western ND

The Salvation Army North & Central Illinois Division

Bismarck, North Dakota, United States
1 kuukausi sitten
Samankaltaisia hakuja
Osaamispäävirkamies Työpaikkoja
145 avointa työpaikkaa
Vuosittaisten lahjoitusten koordinoija Työpaikkoja
217 avointa työpaikkaa
Koulutussijoitustoimihenkilö Työpaikkoja
7 152 avointa työpaikkaa
Julkisen turvallisuuden upseeri Työpaikkoja
7 762 avointa työpaikkaa
Turvallisuusvastaava Työpaikkoja
50 015 avointa työpaikkaa
Turvallisuusvartija Työpaikkoja
137 513 avointa työpaikkaa
Johtava yksityisyystoimihenkilö Työpaikkoja
364 avointa työpaikkaa
Tijoitustoimihenkilö Työpaikkoja
34 311 avointa työpaikkaa
PR-toimihenkilö Työpaikkoja
31 765 avointa työpaikkaa
Lakiasiaintoimihenkilö Työpaikkoja
9 564 avointa työpaikkaa
Pidätyspoliisi Työpaikkoja
2 108 avointa työpaikkaa
Rahanpesua torjuva poliisi Työpaikkoja
2 024 avointa työpaikkaa
Näytä lisää 
Tutustu LinkedInin suosituimpaan sisältöön

Löydä kuratoituja julkaisuja ja oivalluksia olennaisista aiheista yhdessä paikassa.

Näytä suosituin sisältö
Lisää hakuja 
LinkedIn
© 2026
Tietoja
Saavutettavuus
Käyttäjäsopimus
Tietosuojakäytäntö
Evästekäytännöt
Tekijänoikeuskäytännöt
Brändikäytäntö
Vieraiden hallinta
Yhteisön ohjeet
Kieli
Kirjaudu sisään nähdäksesi, keitä tunnet jo City of Santa Fe Springs
Kirjaudu sähköpostiosoitteella

tai

Oletko uusi LinkedIn-käyttäjä? Liity nyt

Kun liityt tai kirjaudut sisään valitsemalla Jatka, hyväksyt LinkedInin käyttäjäsopimuksen, tietosuojakäytännön ja evästekäytännön.