Title: Press Officer (Central Public Information Officer)
Company: City of Portland
Location: Portland, OR
URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/press-officer-central-public-information-officer-at-city-of-portland-4459757974
Posted: 2026-08-31
Deadline: N/A
Reason: The role is a generalist office position, but it requires a degree in journalism or communications which Manju does not have. However, her strong legal and event coordination background may still make her a fit if she can demonstrate relevant experience.

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

LinkedIn respects your privacy

LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy.

Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings.

Accept Reject
Skip to main content
LinkedIn
Jobs
Clear text
Clear text
Sign in
Join now
Press Officer (Central Public Information Officer)
City of Portland  Portland, OR
2 days ago  51 applicants
  

See who City of Portland has hired for this role

Apply 
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Get AI-powered advice on this job and more exclusive features.

Am I a good fit for this job?
Tailor my resume
The Position

Job Appointment: Regular

Work Schedule: Monday – Friday, 8:00 am-5:00 pm. An alternate schedule may be available.

Work Location: 1221 SW 4th Ave, Portland, OR 97204

Benefits: Please check our benefit tab for an overview of benefits for this position.

To view current labor agreements, please visit https://www.portland.gov/bhr/employee-relations/labor-relations/labor-agreements .

Note: This job classification is undergoing a pay analysis review by the Bureau of Human Resources Classification and Compensation team. Due to the complexity of this position, the Press Officer may be eligible for a short-term increase of up to 10% from the advertised range. The successful candidate’s salary offer will be based on relevant experience and qualifications.

Application Material: Please click APPLY to submit your application via the City of Portland’s online portal. You will need to attach a resume and a cover letter.

Are you an experienced media strategist who can find the story, craft the message, and build public trust? If so, we hope you consider applying to become the City of Portland’s next Press Officer.

The Press Officer serves as the City of Portland’s media relations lead, ensuring coordinated, accurate, and timely communication on issues of citywide significance. The role acts as spokesperson and messaging advisor to the mayor and city administrator, convenes and guides the city’s public information officers, and leads the development and execution of media strategies. As the primary point of contact for journalists, the Press Officer shapes and maintains a clear, consistent narrative about city government, advancing public accountability and transparency.

Reporting to the Chief Communications Officer, this senior-level position serves as part of the City Communications Office. This is a fast-paced role that calls for sound judgement under pressure, quick thinking, and the ability to navigate rapidly changing circumstances. Join us to play a pivotal role in building public trust by connecting Portlanders with resources, information, and decision-making.

What You’ll Get To Do


Serve as the spokesperson – and journalists’central pointof contact – for the City of Portland’s executive office, which includes the mayor, the city administrator, and a variety of central programs.
Lead the development and implementation of citywide media strategies that advance the City’s policy priorities and values, in collaboration with executive leaders and public information officers embedded in service areas.
Write high-profile press releases and speeches on behalf of the City of Portland’s executive office
Serve as a media and messaging advisor to the mayor, the city administrator, and other executive leaders.
Host media events or accompany executive leaders to interviews and speaking engagements at various locations in Portland.
Collaborate with colleagues to leverage social media, photography/video, website content, and other creative channels to promote the city’s work


Questions?:

Terrol Johnson

Senior Recruiter

terrol.johnson@portlandoregon.gov

To Qualify

Qualifications

Applicants should specifically address and demonstrate in their cover letter and résumé how their education, training, and/or experience meet each of the following minimum qualifications:


Experience serving as a media spokesperson for a high-profile government or civic organization, including the ability to do on-air interviews
Ability to develop and deliver media relations strategies that build public trust, foster civic engagement, and help an organization advance its mission
Ability to draft high-quality news content and speeches on tight deadlines
Ability to quickly learn about complex public policy issues and communicate them to a wide variety of audiences
Experience managing communications and media relations during emergencies and high-pressure events
Experience delivering communications training and coaching for senior executives or elected officials


Due to the nature of the work and the need to be available on short notice, this position will be required to report in person four to five days per week, with some flexibility for occasional remote work.

The Recruitment Process

STEP 1: Apply online between August 31 , 2026, and September 14 , 2026

Required Application Materials


Cover letter.
Details are key! The city uses a merit-based system, so your cover letter should be thorough and specifically address each qualification listed in the "To Qualify" section of the job announcement. Your cover letter can exceed one page to ensure you can provide detailed information for every qualification. Follow the instructions, as a subject matter expert will be evaluating your details to confirm that you meet the minimum requirements.
Resume
Answer to Supplemental Questions (click on the Questions tab to preview the questions)
Optional Application Materials:


Veteran’s Preference documents (e.g., DD214-Member 4, VA Benefit Letter) must be submitted by the closing date.
Update: As of March 3, 2025, if you have already submitted veteran documents and qualified for preference, you do not need to resubmit them for future recruitments.
To update or remove veteran preference for this recruitment or from your profile, contact the recruiter listed in the job announcement.


Application Tips


Your cover letter can exceed one page but no more than three, to ensure you can provide detailed information for every qualification. A subject matter expert will evaluate your details to confirm that you meet the minimum requirements.
Your résumé should support the details described in your cover letter.
How We Determine Pay: The City of Portland is covered by the Oregon Equal Pay Act . Your salary is determined based on the experience listed in your resume that is directly related and equivalent to the position for which you are applying. It is strongly encouraged to include any transferable experience (paid or unpaid, regardless of how recent) to ensure your offer is reflective of all your relevant experience.
E-mailed and/or faxed applications will not be accepted.
Do not attach any additional documents.
Please note that all completed applications for this position must be submitted no later than on the closing date and time of this recruitment.
You may use AI to generate ideas or review your work. However, because deadline writing is a core function of this position, the application should primarily reflect your independent work.
All applications must be submitted via the City's online application process.


BOLI: Equal Pay for Workers: State of Oregon

Every worker must get equal pay for equal work regardless of gender, race, age, or other protected characteristics.

Step 2: Minimum Qualification Evaluation: Week of September 14 , 2026


An evaluation of each applicant's training and paid and unpaid experience, as demonstrated in their resume and cover letter, is weighted 100%.
Your resume and cover letter will be the basis for our evaluation of your qualifications for this position. Incomplete or inappropriate information may result in disqualification.
You have 14 days from the notice of the minimum qualification evaluation results to let us know if you would like to review and discuss your evaluation results. Please read the City of Portland Administrative Rule 3.01 for complete information.
Additional evaluation may be required before the establishment of the eligible list and/or final selection.


Step 3: Establishment of Eligible List: Week of September 21 , 2026


Candidates who meet the minimum qualifications will be placed on the equally ranked eligible list.


Step 4: Selection (Interview): TBD


The hiring bureau will review and select candidates to interview.
Please note that the selection process may take up to 90 days from the notification of being placed on the eligible list.


Step 5: Offer of Employment: TBD

Step 6: Start Date: TBD


A start date will be determined after all conditions of employment have been met.
Timeline is approximate and subject to change*


Additional Information

Click here for additional information regarding the following:


City of Portland Core Values
Recruitment Process - Work Status
Equal Employment Opportunity
Veteran Preference
ADA, Pregnancy, and Religious Accommodations


Did you know? The City of Portland has How to Apply Videos and offers How to Apply Classes once per month. If you have questions after watching the videos you are invited to contact the recruiter listed on the announcement.

An Equal Opportunity Employer
Show more 
Seniority level
Mid-Senior level
Employment type
Full-time
Job function
Marketing, Public Relations, and Writing/Editing
Industries
Government Administration
  

Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at City of Portland by 2x

See who you know

Get notified about new Public Information Officer jobs in Portland, OR.

Sign in to create job alert
Jobs
Public Information Coordinator jobs
Press Officer (Central Public Information Officer)
Similar jobs
Press Officer (Central Public Information Officer)
Press Officer (Central Public Information Officer)
The Business of HLTH Podcast
Portland, OR
5 hours ago
Administrative Specialist (Communications)
Administrative Specialist (Communications)
Clark Regional Wastewater District
Vancouver, WA
1 week ago
East Region Communications Coordinator (Public Affairs Specialist 2)
East Region Communications Coordinator (Public Affairs Specialist 2)
State of Oregon
Salem, OR
$5,988 - $9,191
4 days ago
Communications Manager
Communications Manager
Energy Trust of Oregon
Portland, OR
1 week ago
Digital Content Specialist
Digital Content Specialist
US Army Corps of Engineers
Portland, OR
1 week ago
Office of the US CEO | Firm Associate Director, Communications
Office of the US CEO | Firm Associate Director, Communications
Deloitte
Portland, OR
2 weeks ago
Show more jobs like this 
People also viewed
Chief of Staff (Manager III) - Open Until Filled
Chief of Staff (Manager III) - Open Until Filled

City of Portland

Portland, OR
2 weeks ago
Content Supervisor - Express News Team
Content Supervisor - Express News Team

Advance Local

Portland, OR
5 days ago
Transportation Operations Center (TOC) Operator
Transportation Operations Center (TOC) Operator

Oregon Department of Transportation

Portland, OR
$4,312 - $5,988
2 weeks ago
Lateral Communication Specialist I
Lateral Communication Specialist I

City of Salem

Salem, OR
2 days ago
Americas Consulting Communications & Engagement Associate Director - Digital Campaigns & Platforms
Americas Consulting Communications & Engagement Associate Director - Digital Campaigns & Platforms

EY

Portland, OR
20 hours ago
Digital Content Producer
Digital Content Producer

Sinclair Inc.

Portland, OR
1 week ago
Firm Enterprise Solutions Director, Content Strategy and Editorial
Firm Enterprise Solutions Director, Content Strategy and Editorial

Deloitte

Portland, OR
6 days ago
Oregon DPSST Certified 911 Communications Officer
Oregon DPSST Certified 911 Communications Officer

City of Santa Fe Springs

Newberg, OR
3 months ago
Executive Assistant
Executive Assistant

Clark Regional Wastewater District

Vancouver, WA
1 week ago
SOCIAL MEDIA & CONTENT CREATION OFFICER @ UBUNTU TIMPACT
SOCIAL MEDIA & CONTENT CREATION OFFICER @ UBUNTU TIMPACT

besttalentreach

Multnomah County, OR
5 hours ago
Similar Searches
Public Information Coordinator jobs
6,942 open jobs
Public Information Specialist jobs
35,871 open jobs
Donor Relations Coordinator jobs
31,711 open jobs
Radio Reporter jobs
1,546 open jobs
General Assignment Reporter jobs
1,502 open jobs
Publicity Director jobs
1,316 open jobs
Assistant News Director jobs
2,184 open jobs
Media Relations Officer jobs
3,603 open jobs
Sports Information Director jobs
1,028 open jobs
Assignment Editor jobs
1,890 open jobs
Morning Show Host jobs
110 open jobs
News Director jobs
3,494 open jobs
Show more 
Explore top content on LinkedIn

Find curated posts and insights for relevant topics all in one place.

View top content
More searches 
LinkedIn
© 2026
About
Accessibility
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Copyright Policy
Brand Policy
Guest Controls
Community Guidelines
Language
Sign in to see who you already know at City of Portland
Sign in with Email

or

New to LinkedIn? Join now

By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.