Title: Digital Sales & Growth Consultant
Company: Columbia Road
Location: Tampere Region, Finland
URL: https://fi.linkedin.com/jobs/view/digital-sales-growth-consultant-at-columbia-road-4462928199
Posted: 2026-09-04
Deadline: 2026-11-01
Reason: The role is a good match for Manju's generalist office and event coordination experience, but requires fluency in Finnish as a hard requirement which she does not yet have (B2).

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

LinkedIn kunnioittaa yksityisyyttäsi

LinkedIn ja kolmannet osapuolet käyttävät välttämättömiä ja ei-välttämättömiä evästeitä palvelujemme tarjoamiseen, suojaamiseen, analysointiin ja parantamiseen sekä osuvien mainosten näyttämiseen sinulle (mukaan lukien ammattilais- ja työpaikkailmoitukset) LinkedInissä ja niiden ulkopuolella. Lisätietoja on evästekäytännössämme.

Hyväksy ei-välttämättömien evästeiden käyttö valitsemalla Hyväksy tai estä niiden käyttö valitsemalla Hylkää. Voit päivittää valintasi milloin tahansa asetuksista.

Hyväksy Hylkää
Hyppää pääsisältöön
LinkedIn
Työt
Poista teksti
Poista teksti
Kirjaudu sisään
Liity nyt
Digital Sales & Growth Consultant
Columbia Road  Tampere
3 päivää sitten   Ole ensimmäisten 25 hakijan joukossa
  

Katso, kuka Columbia Road on palkattu tähän rooliin

Hae 
Tallenna
Arvioi sopivuuttasi tekoälyn avulla

Hanki tekoälypohjaisia neuvoja tähän työhön ja muita eksklusiivisia ominaisuuksia.

Olenko sopiva tähän työhön?
Räätälöi ansioluetteloni
Our impact-driven community is looking for a Digital Sales & Growth Consultant who is motivated by transforming our clients’ digital sales.

Who We Are

Columbia Road is the go-to consulting partner for businesses that want to sell better. Excelling in both commercial operations and scalable technology, we build seamless and effective customer journeys for measurable impact. In each of our projects, we focus on generating more revenue and more customers for our clients, working in cross-competence teams made up of the brightest minds in digital commerce.

As a community-led company, we believe in giving a lot of responsibility and freedom to our employees. Instead of line managers and red tape, we offer the tools and resources to all Roadies to make the best possible decisions for their own job and for our community. We offer you a diverse and inclusive workplace, and your fellow Roadies will ensure that you’ll feel comfortable from day one.

The Job & What You’d Be Working On

At Columbia Road, we believe that marketing and sales should be a joint effort. Marketing is not an add-on, it’s at the core of digital sales and business growth. As a Digital Sales & Growth Consultant, you will have a key role in helping our customers grow their businesses.

In Practice, Your Client Work Can Consist Of E.g


Working with growth initiatives and hands-on implementation of MarTech solutions, e.g. implementing data models, creating segments, and running marketing campaigns.
Building customer journeys, automations, care models, and loyalty programs that retain users and increase lifetime value.
Designing roadmaps and channel plans that align with commercial goals and drive measurable impact.
Analyzing customer data to identify hidden growth opportunities and turning those into actionable tactics.
Serving as a trusted partner in daily operations, guiding clients through digital sales and marketing challenges.
Defining marketing technology stacks and building concrete implementation plans to support business goals


You’ll work in cross-competence teams consisting of client stakeholders, your Roadie colleagues, and potential third party experts. In some instances you may also work independently with a client, but never without the support of our community.

Working right at the heart of solving business challenges will offer you extensive learning opportunities that will broaden your understanding of customer needs and business problems in various industries. You get to work with ambitious clients and help them on their digital sales transformation journey, building long term client relationships in the process. We put a strong focus on learning and professional growth. You’re encouraged to explore your interests, and we’ll actively support your development.

All client teams have wide latitude to choose the best tools and ways of working for themselves and the people in the client organisation. This also means that as Roadies, we are flexible with our roles, jumping effortlessly from budgeting discussions to creating customer activation campaigns. Above all, we are people with a can-do attitude and endless curiosity for helping our clients #sellbetter.

Skills And Experience We Expect You To Have


A broad understanding of digital sales and marketing, business strategy, e-commerce and data in both B2B and B2C contexts.
Ability to quickly identify business challenges and opportunities, create an actionable plan for solving them and clearly communicate about issues to key decision makers as well as to technical teams.
Hands-on expertise in one or two areas of Marketing Technology and a broad understanding of all of them. Examples of focus areas include marketing automation, web analytics, SEO, CRO & A/B testing, and performance marketing. We see CRM and customer data platform (CDP) experience as a bonus.
Excellent understanding of web technologies and implementing new tech into the digital commerce architecture.
Positive drive and a track record of leading digital sales operations and creating measurable business impact.
Hands-on experience with a few tools relevant to our work, e.g. Salesforce Marketing Cloud, HubSpot, D365 Customer Insights - Journeys, Braze, Hightouch, Bloomreach, GA4, Google BigQuery, Google Ads, Meta Business Suite, LinkedIn Campaign Manager, Convert, VWO, or Optimizely - you certainly don’t need to know all of them.
To succeed in this role, you’ll need working proficiency in Finnish and English.


The mindset that will make you successful in this role:


Analytical and curious mindset, ability to think outside the box
Interest in doing both strategic planning and hands-on work
Genuine willingness to help, support and learn from your colleagues and clients


Additionally, we highly value any relevant additional skills, such as:


Previous consulting experience
Copywriting or content production
Web development or graphic design experience


Make sure you showcase your experience and knowledge as clearly as possible in your application. We value examples and results from previous projects, and we'd love to know what concrete tools you used to get those results.

Recruitment process

Our recruitment process typically involves 2-3 interviews where we learn about your skills and what motivates you. You'll discover more about Columbia Road and meet various Roadies along the way.

Deadline to apply: November 1st, 2026 (Sunday)

Please note that we will start interviewing candidates during the application period and fill the position as soon as we find the right match. We look forward to hearing from you!

Compensation And Benefits

Salaries at Columbia Road are always based on your experience and skillset and we are open to hiring at multiple seniority levels for the role. You can expect the monthly salary to land between 4200 - 5000€ (Consultant) or 4500 - 5600 € (Senior Consultant).

Roadies also get to enjoy a long list of benefits. Just to name a few, we offer:


A community-led organization with a high level of autonomy
A diverse, equitable, and inclusive workplace
As a Columbia Road employee, you have the option to buy stocks of the company through the common employee share program
Recurring training and learning sessions to support your professional growth
Offices in downtown Helsinki (with gym and pool), Tampere, and Jyväskylä
Pick the laptop, phone of your choosing
Extensive health care services, including dental and mental health
Insurance for travel and free-time
Lunch benefit
Phone benefit
Weekly breakfasts and healthy daily refreshments
Flexible vouchers for sports, culture, commuting, and massage
Recurring Roadie-ideated events and activities
Childcare services when your child falls ill
A possibility to book the office for private events during the weekends
Compensation for working on open source or social programs in your free time
Show more 
Seniority level
Ei päde
Työn tyyppi
Muu
Työtehtävä
Markkinointi ja Myynti
Industries
Yrityskonsultointi ja -palvelut
  

Lähetteet lisäävät mahdollisuuksiasi haastatteluun Columbia Road 2x

Katso, kenet tunnet

Saat ilmoituksen uusista Growth Consultant työpaikoista .Tampere

Kirjaudu sisään luodaksesi työpaikkahälytyksen
Samankaltaiset työpaikat
Account Executive, Nordics
Account Executive, Nordics
Copado
Tampere Metropolitan Area
1 viikko sitten
B2B-Myyjä, Tampere
B2B-Myyjä, Tampere
Groweo
Tampere
1 viikko sitten
Startup Co-Founder & Business Lead (Sales & Operations)
Startup Co-Founder & Business Lead (Sales & Operations)
Caravantures
Tampere
6 päivää sitten
Sales Manager, ohjelmistokonsultointi
Sales Manager, ohjelmistokonsultointi
Insta
Tampere
2 viikkoa sitten
Kasvujohtaja
Kasvujohtaja
Oscar Software Oy
Tampere Metropolitan Area
4 päivää sitten
SaaS Sales - Senior Account Executive
SaaS Sales - Senior Account Executive
Basware
Tampere
2 viikkoa sitten
Show more jobs like this 
Muita katsottuja
B2B myyjä / buukkari
B2B myyjä / buukkari

Promicia Oy

Tampere
2 päivää sitten
Myyntineuvottelija | Fortum
Myyntineuvottelija | Fortum

Soldem

Tampere
1 kuukausi sitten
Customer Success Specialist (Tampere)
Customer Success Specialist (Tampere)

Elisa

Tampere
5 päivää sitten
Sales Manager Nordics (Ground Support Mining)
Sales Manager Nordics (Ground Support Mining)

Sandvik

Tampere
1 viikko sitten
Aluemyyntipäällikkö
Aluemyyntipäällikkö

Fagerhult

Tampere sub-region
3 päivää sitten
Myyntipäällikkö, prosessimittaukset
Myyntipäällikkö, prosessimittaukset

Hyxo

Tampere
4 päivää sitten
Regional Sales Manager, Nordics | Extremities Product Portfolio
Regional Sales Manager, Nordics | Extremities Product Portfolio

Stryker

Pirkanmaa, Finland
2 päivää sitten
Myyntijohtaja
Myyntijohtaja

BEWI Finland

Sastamala
1 viikko sitten
Dynamics 365 CRM-konsultti
Dynamics 365 CRM-konsultti

Futuriot

Tampere
1 kuukausi sitten
BUSINESS DATA PRINCIPAL
BUSINESS DATA PRINCIPAL

Recordly

Tampere
3 kuukautta sitten
LinkedIn
© 2026
Tietoja
Saavutettavuus
Käyttäjäsopimus
Tietosuojakäytäntö
Evästekäytännöt
Tekijänoikeuskäytännöt
Brändikäytäntö
Vieraiden hallinta
Yhteisön ohjeet
Kieli