Title: Communications Specialist – Public Relations
Company: DLA Piper
Location: Seattle metropolitan area, WA
URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/communications-specialist-%E2%80%93-public-relations-at-dla-piper-4453350714
Posted: 2026-08-13
Deadline: N/A
Reason: The role is a Communications Specialist with public relations focus, which fits Manju's event coordination and social media experience. However, it's located in Seattle rather than Finland.

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

LinkedIn respects your privacy

LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy.

Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings.

Accept Reject
Skip to main content
LinkedIn
Jobs
Clear text
Clear text
Sign in
Join now
Communications Specialist – Public Relations
DLA Piper  Seattle metropolitan area, WA
1 hour ago   Be among the first 25 applicants
  

See who DLA Piper has hired for this role

Apply 
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Get AI-powered advice on this job and more exclusive features.

Am I a good fit for this job?
Tailor my resume
DLA Piper is, at its core, bold, exceptional, collaborative and supportive. Our people are the backbone, heart and soul of our firm. Wherever you are in your professional journey, DLA Piper is a place you can engage in meaningful work and grow your career. Let’s see what we can achieve. Together.

Summary

As a Communications Specialist (Public Relations), you will play an important role in promoting the firm’s brand through targeted media relations and public relations efforts. The role requires a proactive and results-oriented individual with a deep understanding of the media landscape and a proven track record in building relationships with journalists and media outlets.

Location

This position can sit in any of our US offices and offers a hybrid work schedule.

Responsibilities


Help create and implement comprehensive media relations strategies that align with firm goals and enhance its visibility with legal and business audiences.
Collaborate with the attorneys and Communications, Marketing and Business Development colleagues to develop storylines that promote the firm’s practice areas, attorneys, and significant achievements.
Proactively pitch story ideas, news releases, and commentary to secure media placements in relevant outlets.
Maintain media relationships and be aware of changes in media landscape.
Other duties or projects as assigned.


Desired Skills  

Proactive, strategic thinker with a passion for storytelling and understanding of the legal industry. Proven track record of successfully securing media coverage and building relationships with journalists. Excellent writing, editing, and verbal communications skills, with the ability to convey complex concepts clearly and engagingly. Strong organizational skills and the ability to manage multiple projects and deadlines effectively. Proficiency in media monitoring tools. Ability to work West Coast hours preferred but not mandatory.

Minimum Education   


Bachelor's degree in Public Relations, Marketing, Communications, Journalism, or related field.


Minimum Years Of Experience  


5 years’ experience in Marketing, Public relations, Journalism, or similar field.


Essential Job Expectations

While the specific job requirements of a DLA Piper position may vary depending upon scope of the job and area of specialty, there are certain universal requirements that are expected of all DLA Piper employees, which include but are not limited to:


Effectively communicate, verbally and in writing, with clients, lawyers, business professionals, and third parties.
Produce deliverables, answer phone calls, and reply to correspondence in an efficient and responsive manner.
Provide timely, accurate, and quality work product.
Successfully meet deadlines, expectations, and perform work duties as required.
Foster positive work relationships.
Comply with all firm policies and practices.
Engage in both physical and sedentary activity, such as (a) working at a computer for extended periods of time, including on-screen reading and typing; (b) participating in digital/virtual conference calls; (c) participating in meetings as needed.
Ability to work under pressure and manage competing demands in a fast-paced environment.
Perform all other duties, tasks or projects as assigned.


Our employees are expected to embrace and uphold our firm values as a part of our DLA Piper culture. We are committed to excellence in how we represent our clients and develop our people.

Physical Demands

Sedentary work: Exerting up to 10 pounds of force occasionally and/or a negligible amount of force frequently or constantly to lift, carry, push, pull or otherwise move objects, including the human body. Sedentary work involves sitting most of the time. Jobs are sedentary if walking and standing are required only occasionally and all other sedentary criteria are met.   

Work Environment   

The individual selected for this position may have the opportunity for a hybrid work arrangement comprised of remote and in-office work, the requirement for which will be determined in coordination with the hiring manager or supervisor and may be modified in the firm’s discretion in the future.

Disclaimer   

The purpose of this job description is to provide a concise statement of the work elements and to organize and present the information in a standardized way. It is not intended to describe all the elements of the work that may be performed by every individual in this classification, nor should it serve as the sole criteria for personnel decisions and actions. The job duties, requirements, and expectations for this position may be modified at the Firm’s discretion at any time. This job description does not change the at-will nature of employment.

Application Process    

Applicants must apply directly online instead of sending application materials via email.

Accommodation   

Reasonable accommodations may be made upon request to permit individuals with a disability to perform the essential functions and responsibilities of the position or to participate in the job selection process. If you have a request for an accommodation during the application process, please contact careers@us.dlapiper.com.

Agency applications will not be considered.    

No immigration sponsorship is available for this position.   

The firm’s expected hiring range for this position is $34.09 - $53.17 per hour depending on the candidate’s geographic market location. Non-exempt positions will be paid on an hourly basis and paid overtime in accordance with applicable laws.

The compensation offered for employment will also be dependent on other factors including the candidate’s experience, skills, educational and professional background, and overall qualifications. We offer a comprehensive package of benefits including medical/dental/vision insurance, and 401(k).

Applicants who are not based in the jurisdiction in which this position is posted and who apply for this role are doing so voluntarily and are not eligible for relocation assistance. Any relocation benefits, if any, are provided only where a relocation is required at the firm’s direction and in accordance with applicable policy and law.

DLA Piper is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran. Job applicant poster viewing center.


Show more 
Seniority level
Mid-Senior level
Employment type
Full-time
Job function
Marketing, Public Relations, and Writing/Editing
Industries
Law Practice
  

Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at DLA Piper by 2x

See who you know

Get notified about new Public Relations Communications Specialist jobs in Seattle metropolitan area, WA.

Sign in to create job alert
Similar jobs
External Communications Specialist, Energy and Infrastructure Campaigns
External Communications Specialist, Energy and Infrastructure Campaigns
Google
Seattle, WA
1 week ago
Communications Specialist, Policy Communications and External Affairs
Communications Specialist, Policy Communications and External Affairs
Amazon
Seattle, WA
2 weeks ago
Communications Specialist, Amazon Leo
Communications Specialist, Amazon Leo
Amazon
Seattle, WA
1 day ago
Public Records and Communications Specialist
Public Records and Communications Specialist
Edmonds School District
Lynnwood, WA
1 day ago
Communications Specialist
Communications Specialist
WatchGuard Technologies
Seattle, WA
1 week ago
Digital Content & Design Specialist
Digital Content & Design Specialist
City of Seattle
Seattle, WA
6 days ago
Show more jobs like this 
People also viewed
TDM Marketing Specialist
TDM Marketing Specialist

Alta Planning + Design

Seattle, WA
$65,000 - $85,000
1 week ago
Account Executive, Public Relations
Account Executive, Public Relations

Inkhouse, an Orchestra company

Seattle, WA
5 days ago
Public Affairs
Public Affairs

Fluidstack

Seattle, WA
$215,000 - $261,000
4 days ago
Program Manager, Internal Communications
Program Manager, Internal Communications

REI

Seattle, WA
2 weeks ago
Community Content Marketing Associate
Community Content Marketing Associate

AZX

Seattle, WA
$75,000 - $90,000
4 months ago
ECE Marketing Coordinator
ECE Marketing Coordinator

Seattle Theatre Group

Seattle, WA
1 week ago
Internal Communications Partner
Internal Communications Partner

Helion

Everett, WA
$155,000 - $194,000
2 days ago
Digital Content Specialist IV and Benefits Compliance Communications & Governance
Digital Content Specialist IV and Benefits Compliance Communications & Governance

Kaiser Permanente

Seattle, WA
$112,200 - $145,200
1 month ago
Sr Principal, Corporate Communications
Sr Principal, Corporate Communications

Nintendo

Redmond, WA
1 week ago
Communications Manager, Woven Capital
Communications Manager, Woven Capital

Woven by Toyota

Seattle, WA
5 months ago
Similar Searches
Media Liaison jobs
4,478 open jobs
Senior Public Relations Specialist jobs
1,123 open jobs
Publicity Director jobs
1,316 open jobs
Marketing And Public Relations Assistant jobs
5,400 open jobs
Senior Public Relations Manager jobs
22,288 open jobs
Public Relations Communications Coordinator jobs
3,890 open jobs
Senior Marketing Communications Specialist jobs
22,716 open jobs
Senior Manager Corporate Communications jobs
906 open jobs
Public Relations Account Coordinator jobs
350 open jobs
Head of Public Relations jobs
3,991 open jobs
Senior Director Corporate Communications jobs
1,100 open jobs
Senior Director Public Relations jobs
1,073 open jobs
Show more 
Explore top content on LinkedIn

Find curated posts and insights for relevant topics all in one place.

View top content
More searches 
LinkedIn
© 2026
About
Accessibility
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Copyright Policy
Brand Policy
Guest Controls
Community Guidelines
Language
Sign in to see who you already know at DLA Piper
Sign in with Email

or

New to LinkedIn? Join now

By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.