Title: Communications Specialist – Public Relations
Company: DLA Piper
Location: Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area
URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/communications-specialist-%E2%80%93-public-relations-at-dla-piper-4453362504
Posted: 2026-08-13
Deadline: Open until filled
Reason: The role is a strong match for Manju's experience, but the location (Minneapolis-St. Paul Area) is far from Oulu and would require relocation.

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

LinkedIn kunnioittaa yksityisyyttäsi

LinkedIn ja kolmannet osapuolet käyttävät välttämättömiä ja ei-välttämättömiä evästeitä palvelujemme tarjoamiseen, suojaamiseen, analysointiin ja parantamiseen sekä osuvien mainosten näyttämiseen sinulle (mukaan lukien ammattilais- ja työpaikkailmoitukset) LinkedInissä ja niiden ulkopuolella. Lisätietoja on evästekäytännössämme.

Hyväksy ei-välttämättömien evästeiden käyttö valitsemalla Hyväksy tai estä niiden käyttö valitsemalla Hylkää. Voit päivittää valintasi milloin tahansa asetuksista.

Hyväksy Hylkää
Hyppää pääsisältöön
LinkedIn
Työt
Poista teksti
Poista teksti
Kirjaudu sisään
Liity nyt
Communications Specialist – Public Relations
DLA Piper  Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area
2 viikkoa sitten  34 Hakijoiden
  

Katso, kuka DLA Piper on palkattu tähän rooliin

Hae 
Tallenna
Arvioi sopivuuttasi tekoälyn avulla

Hanki tekoälypohjaisia neuvoja tähän työhön ja muita eksklusiivisia ominaisuuksia.

Olenko sopiva tähän työhön?
Räätälöi ansioluetteloni
DLA Piper is, at its core, bold, exceptional, collaborative and supportive. Our people are the backbone, heart and soul of our firm. Wherever you are in your professional journey, DLA Piper is a place you can engage in meaningful work and grow your career. Let’s see what we can achieve. Together.

Summary

As a Communications Specialist (Public Relations), you will play an important role in promoting the firm’s brand through targeted media relations and public relations efforts. The role requires a proactive and results-oriented individual with a deep understanding of the media landscape and a proven track record in building relationships with journalists and media outlets.

Location

This position can sit in any of our US offices and offers a hybrid work schedule.

Responsibilities


Help create and implement comprehensive media relations strategies that align with firm goals and enhance its visibility with legal and business audiences.
Collaborate with the attorneys and Communications, Marketing and Business Development colleagues to develop storylines that promote the firm’s practice areas, attorneys, and significant achievements.
Proactively pitch story ideas, news releases, and commentary to secure media placements in relevant outlets.
Maintain media relationships and be aware of changes in media landscape.
Other duties or projects as assigned.


Desired Skills  

Proactive, strategic thinker with a passion for storytelling and understanding of the legal industry. Proven track record of successfully securing media coverage and building relationships with journalists. Excellent writing, editing, and verbal communications skills, with the ability to convey complex concepts clearly and engagingly. Strong organizational skills and the ability to manage multiple projects and deadlines effectively. Proficiency in media monitoring tools. Ability to work West Coast hours preferred but not mandatory.

Minimum Education   


Bachelor's degree in Public Relations, Marketing, Communications, Journalism, or related field.


Minimum Years Of Experience  


5 years’ experience in Marketing, Public relations, Journalism, or similar field.


Essential Job Expectations

While the specific job requirements of a DLA Piper position may vary depending upon scope of the job and area of specialty, there are certain universal requirements that are expected of all DLA Piper employees, which include but are not limited to:


Effectively communicate, verbally and in writing, with clients, lawyers, business professionals, and third parties.
Produce deliverables, answer phone calls, and reply to correspondence in an efficient and responsive manner.
Provide timely, accurate, and quality work product.
Successfully meet deadlines, expectations, and perform work duties as required.
Foster positive work relationships.
Comply with all firm policies and practices.
Engage in both physical and sedentary activity, such as (a) working at a computer for extended periods of time, including on-screen reading and typing; (b) participating in digital/virtual conference calls; (c) participating in meetings as needed.
Ability to work under pressure and manage competing demands in a fast-paced environment.
Perform all other duties, tasks or projects as assigned.


Our employees are expected to embrace and uphold our firm values as a part of our DLA Piper culture. We are committed to excellence in how we represent our clients and develop our people.

Physical Demands

Sedentary work: Exerting up to 10 pounds of force occasionally and/or a negligible amount of force frequently or constantly to lift, carry, push, pull or otherwise move objects, including the human body. Sedentary work involves sitting most of the time. Jobs are sedentary if walking and standing are required only occasionally and all other sedentary criteria are met.   

Work Environment   

The individual selected for this position may have the opportunity for a hybrid work arrangement comprised of remote and in-office work, the requirement for which will be determined in coordination with the hiring manager or supervisor and may be modified in the firm’s discretion in the future.

Disclaimer   

The purpose of this job description is to provide a concise statement of the work elements and to organize and present the information in a standardized way. It is not intended to describe all the elements of the work that may be performed by every individual in this classification, nor should it serve as the sole criteria for personnel decisions and actions. The job duties, requirements, and expectations for this position may be modified at the Firm’s discretion at any time. This job description does not change the at-will nature of employment.

Application Process    

Applicants must apply directly online instead of sending application materials via email.

Accommodation   

Reasonable accommodations may be made upon request to permit individuals with a disability to perform the essential functions and responsibilities of the position or to participate in the job selection process. If you have a request for an accommodation during the application process, please contact careers@us.dlapiper.com.

Agency applications will not be considered.    

No immigration sponsorship is available for this position.   

The firm’s expected hiring range for this position is $34.09 - $53.17 per hour depending on the candidate’s geographic market location. Non-exempt positions will be paid on an hourly basis and paid overtime in accordance with applicable laws.

The compensation offered for employment will also be dependent on other factors including the candidate’s experience, skills, educational and professional background, and overall qualifications. We offer a comprehensive package of benefits including medical/dental/vision insurance, and 401(k).

Applicants who are not based in the jurisdiction in which this position is posted and who apply for this role are doing so voluntarily and are not eligible for relocation assistance. Any relocation benefits, if any, are provided only where a relocation is required at the firm’s direction and in accordance with applicable policy and law.

DLA Piper is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran. Job applicant poster viewing center.


Show more 
Seniority level
Keskijohto
Työn tyyppi
Kokopäiväinen
Työtehtävä
Markkinointi, PR ja Kirjoittaminen/editointi
Industries
Lakitoimistot
  

Lähetteet lisäävät mahdollisuuksiasi haastatteluun DLA Piper 2x

Katso, kenet tunnet
Saat ilmoituksen, kun uusi työpaikka julkaistaan.
Aseta hälytys
Työpaikat
Mediayhteyshenkilö Työpaikkoja
Communications Specialist – Public Relations
Samankaltaiset työpaikat
Communications Specialist 4
Communications Specialist 4
Minnesota Pollution Control Agency
St Paul, Minnesota, United States
76 399,00 $ - 113 274,00 $
1 viikko sitten
Communications Specialist
Communications Specialist
Shakopee Mdewakanton Sioux Community (SMSC)
Prior Lake, Minnesota, United States
1 viikko sitten
Communications Coordinator
Communications Coordinator
DLA Piper
Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area
2 viikkoa sitten
Communications and Equity Specialist
Communications and Equity Specialist
ISD 622
St Paul, Minnesota, United States
2 viikkoa sitten
Marketing, Development and Public Relations Coordinator - Communications Specialist 2
Marketing, Development and Public Relations Coordinator - Communications Specialist 2
Minnesota Department of Natural Resources
St Paul, Minnesota, United States
2 viikkoa sitten
Communications Specialist - Awards
Communications Specialist - Awards
DLA Piper
Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area
2 viikkoa sitten
Show more jobs like this 
Muita katsottuja
Specialist - Alumni Engagement
Specialist - Alumni Engagement

Covista

Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area
20,51 $ - 36,09 $
1 tunti sitten
Outreach Specialist- Req 362
Outreach Specialist- Req 362

Frontier Energy, Inc.

Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area
60 000,00 $ - 68 000,00 $
17 tuntia sitten
Rankings, Awards & Media Relations Coordinator
Rankings, Awards & Media Relations Coordinator

Thompson Hine LLP

Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area
1 viikko sitten
Growth Content Specialist
Growth Content Specialist

Lutheran Social Service of Minnesota

St Paul, Minnesota, United States
3 viikkoa sitten
Communications Manager
Communications Manager

Knutson Construction Services

Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States
14 tuntia sitten
Senior Communications Coordinator
Senior Communications Coordinator

AE2S (Advanced Engineering and Environmental Services, LLC)

Maple Grove, Minnesota, United States
8 tuntia sitten
Social Media Specialist
Social Media Specialist

Ziegler Caterpillar

Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States
1 kuukausi sitten
Communications and Strategic Outreach Section Manager - NR Section Manager
Communications and Strategic Outreach Section Manager - NR Section Manager

Minnesota Department of Natural Resources

St Paul, Minnesota, United States
1 viikko sitten
Communications Strategist
Communications Strategist

AE2S (Advanced Engineering and Environmental Services, LLC)

Maple Grove, Minnesota, United States
8 tuntia sitten
Marketing Communications Specialist II
Marketing Communications Specialist II

TSI Incorporated

St Paul, Minnesota, United States
2 viikkoa sitten
Samankaltaisia hakuja
Mediayhteyshenkilö Työpaikkoja
4 478 avointa työpaikkaa
Julkisuusjohtaja Työpaikkoja
1 316 avointa työpaikkaa
Markkinointi- ja suhdetoiminta-assistentti Työpaikkoja
5 400 avointa työpaikkaa
PR-viestinnän koordinaattori Työpaikkoja
3 890 avointa työpaikkaa
PR asiakkuuskoordinaattori Työpaikkoja
350 avointa työpaikkaa
Suhdetoimintapäällikkö Työpaikkoja
3 991 avointa työpaikkaa
Markkinointiviestinnän toimihenkilö Työpaikkoja
8 080 avointa työpaikkaa
Mediasuhteiden esimies Työpaikkoja
1 596 avointa työpaikkaa
PR-kirjanpitovastaava Työpaikkoja
27 160 avointa työpaikkaa
Suhdetoimintakoordinoija Työpaikkoja
6 229 avointa työpaikkaa
Suhdetoiminta Työpaikkoja
22 856 avointa työpaikkaa
PR-viestinnän johtaja Työpaikkoja
3 909 avointa työpaikkaa
Näytä lisää 
Tutustu LinkedInin suosituimpaan sisältöön

Löydä kuratoituja julkaisuja ja oivalluksia olennaisista aiheista yhdessä paikassa.

Näytä suosituin sisältö
Lisää hakuja 
LinkedIn
© 2026
Tietoja
Saavutettavuus
Käyttäjäsopimus
Tietosuojakäytäntö
Evästekäytännöt
Tekijänoikeuskäytännöt
Brändikäytäntö
Vieraiden hallinta
Yhteisön ohjeet
Kieli
Kirjaudu sisään nähdäksesi, keitä tunnet jo DLA Piper
Kirjaudu sähköpostiosoitteella

tai

Oletko uusi LinkedIn-käyttäjä? Liity nyt

Kun liityt tai kirjaudut sisään valitsemalla Jatka, hyväksyt LinkedInin käyttäjäsopimuksen, tietosuojakäytännön ja evästekäytännön.