Title: Project Communications Coordinator/Specialist
Company: DOWL
Location: Helena, MT
URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/project-communications-coordinator-specialist-at-dowl-4425275729
Posted: N/A
Deadline: Open until filled
Reason: The role is a match for Generalist Office Roles, specifically Events & Communications and Marketing & Digital.

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

LinkedIn kunnioittaa yksityisyyttäsi

LinkedIn ja kolmannet osapuolet käyttävät välttämättömiä ja ei-välttämättömiä evästeitä palvelujemme tarjoamiseen, suojaamiseen, analysointiin ja parantamiseen sekä osuvien mainosten näyttämiseen sinulle (mukaan lukien ammattilais- ja työpaikkailmoitukset) LinkedInissä ja niiden ulkopuolella. Lisätietoja on evästekäytännössämme.

Hyväksy ei-välttämättömien evästeiden käyttö valitsemalla Hyväksy tai estä niiden käyttö valitsemalla Hylkää. Voit päivittää valintasi milloin tahansa asetuksista.

Hyväksy Hylkää
Hyppää pääsisältöön
LinkedIn
Työt
Poista teksti
Poista teksti
Kirjaudu sisään
Liity nyt
Project Communications Coordinator/Specialist
DOWL  Helena, Montana, United States
16 tuntia sitten   Ole ensimmäisten 25 hakijan joukossa
  

Katso, kuka DOWL on palkattu tähän rooliin

Hae 
Tallenna
Arvioi sopivuuttasi tekoälyn avulla

Hanki tekoälypohjaisia neuvoja tähän työhön ja muita eksklusiivisia ominaisuuksia.

Olenko sopiva tähän työhön?
Räätälöi ansioluetteloni
Why DOWL?

DOWL is a top-ranked, multi-disciplined consulting firm with over 60 years of experience in civil engineering and related services. Our in-house expertise spans Civil and Land Development, Construction-Related Services, Transportation and Structures, and Water and Environmental Services. At DOWL, you’re valued. We support your growth, offer great benefits, and foster a culture of integrity, professionalism, and teamwork.

Summary

The Project Communications Specialist is a versatile, firm-wide “arc” role supporting projects across all DOWL market sectors. This position leads public involvement, stakeholder engagement, and strategic communications for transformative community planning and infrastructure projects. Acting as a bridge between technical teams, clients, and communities, the role translates complex project information into clear, accessible content. Responsibilities include coordinating outreach activities such as public meetings, stakeholder communications, and digital storytelling. Our team includes professionals at a range of experience levels, enabling career development opportunities and alignment with project needs. Together, the team contributes to consistent messaging, strong client and community relationships, and successful project delivery across the full breadth of DOWL’s services.

Job Responsibilities And Duties

To be successful in this position, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Software


Microsoft Office (Outlook, Word, Excel) - Advanced
Market Sector Software (Adobe Creative Suite) - Advanced


Technical Expertise


Advanced understanding of technical fundamentals
Demonstrates expertise to others within and beyond market sector
Provides unique solutions to complex technical challenges
Leads internal mentoring
Performs quality control of complex deliverables


Teamwork

Team player and team leader with the ability to follow on large or complex projects. Provides clear communication and direction, sets expectations, and takes responsibility for results of the team.

Project Delivery

Leads the production of and provides quality control for the following:


Fact sheets
Presentations, posters, boards, and other visual aids
StoryMaps and graphic storytelling
Meeting agendas, minutes, notes, and summaries
Event plans and associated event materials


Understanding Budget and Schedule

Strong understanding of scopes, schedules, and budgets. Able to predict and deliver individual tasks within a set level of effort. Develop budgets and schedules for complex tasks and projects. Breaks down complex projects into logical tasks. Able to consistently meet budget and schedule expectations on projects. Able to prioritize multiple assignments to successfully deliver all assigned projects on time and on budget. Mentor others on above.

Industry Standards and Regulations

Expertly interprets, selects, and employs appropriate tactics and strategy to enable effective public involvement and communication support to be provided.

Client Interaction

Frequent direct communications with clients on large/complex projects. Leads technical client project meetings. Understands appropriate messaging and legal risks. Participates in project interviews.

Other

Other duties as assigned.

Level of Work/Accountability

Primarily performs advanced technical tasks on complex, demanding projects for the market sector. Operates with a high level of autonomy. Reviews the work of others. Mentors others with less experience. May provide some project management services.

Supervisory Duties

May Be a Supervisor


Oversees team operations and the daily workflow of the team
Organizes workflow and ensures that employees understand their duties or delegated tasks
Recruits and hires new employees
Implements training for new hires and identifies training opportunities for current staff
Communicates information from leadership to employees and vice versa
Monitors employee productivity and provides constructive feedback and coaching
Sets goals for performance and deadlines in ways that comply with company’s plans and vision and communicates them to employees
Provides constructive and timely performance evaluations
Decides on reward and promotion based on performance
Handles discipline and termination of employees as needed and in accordance with company policy


Education And/or Experience


High School Diploma or GED required
Bachelor’s Degree in communications, planning, or journalism preferred
Years of experience required: 10 years
Years of experience required with advanced degree: 9 years


Mathematical Skills

Ability to add, subtract, multiply, and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions, and decimals. Ability to create and interpret graphs and understand statistical analysis.

Physical Demands

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

While performing the duties of this position, the employee is regularly required to sit. The employee is required to talk and hear. The employee is regularly required to stand, walk, and use hands. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this position include close vision and ability to adjust focus.

Work Environment

The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this position. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.
Show more 
Seniority level
Keskijohto
Työn tyyppi
Kokopäiväinen
Työtehtävä
Markkinointi, PR ja Kirjoittaminen/editointi
Industries
Yhdyskuntasuunnittelu
  

Lähetteet lisäävät mahdollisuuksiasi haastatteluun DOWL 2x

Katso, kenet tunnet
Saat ilmoituksen, kun uusi työpaikka julkaistaan.
Aseta hälytys
Samankaltaiset työpaikat
Member Engagement Coordinator
Member Engagement Coordinator
MONTANA HOSPITAL ASSOCIATION
Helena, Montana, United States
2 viikkoa sitten
Specialist, Product Program Manager
Specialist, Product Program Manager
Pearson
Helena, Montana, United States
6 tuntia sitten
Marketing Coordinator
Marketing Coordinator
Robert Peccia & Associates
Helena, Montana, United States
49 920,00 $ - 62 400,00 $
3 viikkoa sitten
Advanced Specialist, Government Relations
Advanced Specialist, Government Relations
Pearson
Helena, Montana, United States
1 viikko sitten
Didactic Program Coordinator for PA Program
Didactic Program Coordinator for PA Program
Carroll College
Helena, Montana, United States
1 viikko sitten
Executive and Board Relations Coordinator
Executive and Board Relations Coordinator
Montana Nonprofit Association
Helena, Montana, United States
1 viikko sitten
Show more jobs like this 
Muita katsottuja
Merchandising Coordinator
Merchandising Coordinator

Lennar

Helena, Montana, United States
1 viikko sitten
Family Advocate - Early Head Start (Helena, MT)
Family Advocate - Early Head Start (Helena, MT)

AWARE Inc.

Helena, Montana, United States
4 viikkoa sitten
Project Engineer
Project Engineer

Weston Solutions, Inc.

Helena, Montana, United States
1 viikko sitten
EHV EPC Project Manager (Power Delivery)- Remote
EHV EPC Project Manager (Power Delivery)- Remote

WSP in the U.S.

Helena, Montana, United States
1 viikko sitten
Senior Project Manager
Senior Project Manager

McGough

Helena, Montana, United States
1 viikko sitten
Archivist 2
Archivist 2

Southeastern Registrars Association (SERA)

Helena, Montana, United States
1 kuukausi sitten
Infection Prevention & Workforce Safety Coordinator (RN)
Infection Prevention & Workforce Safety Coordinator (RN)

Shodair Children's Hospital

Helena, Montana, United States
3 päivää sitten
GIS/CAD Specialist
GIS/CAD Specialist

GSI Environmental Inc.

Helena, Montana, United States
1 vuosi sitten
Lead Specialist, Product Program Manager
Lead Specialist, Product Program Manager

Pearson

Helena, Montana, United States
6 tuntia sitten
Specialist, Sales Excellence
Specialist, Sales Excellence

Pearson

Helena, Montana, United States
4 päivää sitten
Samankaltaisia hakuja
Ulkoisten suhteiden johtaja Työpaikkoja
3 817 avointa työpaikkaa
Kokouskoordinaattori Työpaikkoja
39 145 avointa työpaikkaa
Potilastietoasiantuntija Työpaikkoja
12 320 avointa työpaikkaa
Viestintäanalyytikko Työpaikkoja
11 797 avointa työpaikkaa
Kehitysviestintäkoordinaattori Työpaikkoja
8 899 avointa työpaikkaa
Viestinnän pääjohtaja Työpaikkoja
1 274 avointa työpaikkaa
PR-viestinnän koordinaattori Työpaikkoja
3 890 avointa työpaikkaa
Televiestintäjärjestelmäsuunnittelija Työpaikkoja
104 avointa työpaikkaa
Brändisuunnittelija Työpaikkoja
3 455 avointa työpaikkaa
Viestintäpäällikkö Työpaikkoja
6 272 avointa työpaikkaa
Sisäisen viestinnän johtaja Työpaikkoja
1 221 avointa työpaikkaa
Mediasuhteiden assistentti Työpaikkoja
32 574 avointa työpaikkaa
Näytä lisää 
Tutustu LinkedInin suosituimpaan sisältöön

Löydä kuratoituja julkaisuja ja oivalluksia olennaisista aiheista yhdessä paikassa.

Näytä suosituin sisältö
Lisää hakuja 
LinkedIn
© 2026
Tietoja
Saavutettavuus
Käyttäjäsopimus
Tietosuojakäytäntö
Evästekäytännöt
Tekijänoikeuskäytännöt
Brändikäytäntö
Vieraiden hallinta
Yhteisön ohjeet
Kieli
Kirjaudu sisään nähdäksesi, keitä tunnet jo DOWL
Kirjaudu sähköpostiosoitteella

tai

Oletko uusi LinkedIn-käyttäjä? Liity nyt

Kun liityt tai kirjaudut sisään valitsemalla Jatka, hyväksyt LinkedInin käyttäjäsopimuksen, tietosuojakäytännön ja evästekäytännön.