Title: Communications Associate
Company: Essential Partners
Location: United States
URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/communications-associate-at-essential-partners-4443396075
Posted: 2026-07-21
Deadline: 2026-09-06
Reason: The role is a communications position, but it's unclear if Manju's Finnish language level (B2) would be sufficient for this US-based remote role which likely requires strong English writing and editing skills. The job description doesn't specify an exact location in Finland.

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

LinkedIn respects your privacy

LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy.

Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings.

Accept Reject
Skip to main content
LinkedIn
Jobs
Clear text
Clear text
Sign in
Join now
Communications Associate
Essential Partners  United States
1 month ago   Over 200 applicants
  

See who Essential Partners has hired for this role

Apply
Save

Essential Partners seeks an outstanding candidate to serve as Communications Associate. Reporting directly to the Director of Marketing & Communications and collaborating with the Development Manager, this position will play a crucial role in telling the story of our mission, programs, and inspiring partners, helping to raise the profile of the organization and expand our impact.




Founded in 1989, Essential Partners (EP) is a global leader in the fields of dialogue, conflict transformation, communication, and de-polarization. Our approach, Reflective Structured Dialogue, helps people build relationships across differences to address their communities’ most pressing challenges. Over four decades, EP has collaborated with hundreds of colleges, local communities, secondary schools, nonprofits, corporations, and faith institutions across all 50 U.S. States as well as 29 other countries.




The person in this role will have the opportunity to craft engaging stories for digital and print media while providing day-to-day support for EP’s marketing and communications campaigns. Channels include EP’s website, email marketing, social media, internal communications, press relations, conferences, videos, and more. This role also works closely with the Development team on fundraising communications, such as appeal letters and emails, donor reports, and impact case studies.




Typical Duties and Responsibilities




Communications and Marketing (70%)

Draft written content such as impact stories, interviews, case studies, blog posts, press releases, and other communications materials for a variety of audiences and channels
Execute on the filming, editing, and production of short-form video content
Ensure that content on the Essential Partners website (Drupal) is accurate and up-to-date
Support various communication systems, including marketing automation (Salesforce Marketing Cloud) and social media accounts (Sprout Social)
Draft, design, and produce physical marketing and communications materials in alignment with EP’s brand standards for a variety of purposes, such as program development, fundraising campaigns, and public events
Support the implementation of organizational communications, marketing, and engagement strategies across platforms and media
Conduct research and produce reports in support of strategic communications goals
Collaborate cross-functionally with program, development, and operations staff to advance organizational communications and marketing strategies
Manage the availability of existing and new EP-branded program and marketing materials
Complete other communications and organizational projects as needed 




Fundraising (20%)

Support the planning, coordination, and execution of virtual and in-person fundraising events, campaigns, and outreach initiatives
Support development, donor engagement, and fundraising communications as needed, including donor acknowledgment letters
Support the drafting, design, and distribution of donor communications, including quarterly donor reports and email campaigns




In addition, this position is expected to actively participate in organizational life through staff meetings, events, and other meetings necessary for effective teamwork, and to fulfill all reporting and documentation requirements to maintain effective and reliable organizational systems. (10%)




EP retains the right to change or assign other duties to the position as needed.




Effective implementation of these responsibilities will result in:

Growth of audiences in key markets across EP’s digital platforms with the purpose of increasing the number of donors and clients
Increased visibility of EP’s impact and work within key markets
Greater engagement of donors, potential partners, and other key audiences




Qualifications and Personal Characteristics:

A minimum of 2-5 years of experience in a nonprofit communications role
Excellent project management and organizational skills, including proactive and independent execution of work plans and timelines; ability to manage multiple priorities; able to self-manage time, prioritizing and balancing across multiple competing demands
Technological aptitude with file management systems (Google Drive), project management software (Asana), and data systems (Salesforce) with knowledge of Salesforce Account Engagement or a comparable marketing automation platform highly preferred
Strong attention to detail as well as excellent verbal and written communication skills
The ability to synthesize complex information and multiple perspectives into clear, compelling narratives
Excellent cross-team collaboration, with a demonstrated ability to work across stakeholder groups, functional areas, geographies, and differing levels of seniority
Ability to work effectively with a variety of personality types and work styles
Skillful assertion of expertise and perspective from a supporting role
Personal experience with and/or demonstrated commitment to EP’s mission and services
A commitment to cultivating a culture that values and invites diverse identities, worldviews, and perspectives
Experience editing and producing short videos is preferred
The ability to remain in a stationary position for at least 50% of the time; to operate a computer and other office productivity machinery; and to travel locally and nationally




Compensation and Workplace




Essential Partners is a 501(c)3 nonprofit organization. This position is a full-time position with competitive benefits, including sick leave, new parent leave, four weeks of PTO, paid company holidays, retirement matching after 1000 hours and one year of work, and medical and dental insurance. The salary ranges from $70,000- $75,000 annually, depending on experience. 




Essential Partners is a fully remote organization; all employees are required to be residents of the United States of America and are able to work remotely from approved states listed below. Essential Partners does not currently base salary rates on location. We offer both initial funding and monthly connectivity stipends to ensure all employees have access to a safe, secure, healthful, and comfortable work environment with the equipment and tools required for their role. This role will generally require being accessible and available between 10:00 AM and 3:00 PM Eastern Time Monday through Friday (except for a lunch break) to allow for as much overlap and collaboration as possible. All other work hours may be taken at each employee’s discretion. EP hosts quarterly in-person retreats, which are scheduled in coordination with employees to ensure all staff are able to gather together regularly. This role may require occasional on-call support outside of work hours when projects take place (e.g. weekend workshops). Otherwise, this role does not require travel and rarely requires work outside of business hours.




Essential Partners is an equal-opportunity employer. We embrace diversity of identity, belief, and background in every aspect of our organization. We are committed to co-creating an inclusive workplace for all.




To Apply: 




Please submit a resume or CV as well as a recent relevant writing sample to careers@whatisessential.org. The subject of your email should be “Communications Associate - [Your Name]”.  Applicants are invited to provide more details and texture about their relevant experience and interest in the form of a cover letter. The deadline to submit applications will be September 6, 2026. 




Approved U.S. States and Territories Eligible for Employee Residence:




California
Colorado
Georgia
Maryland
Massachusetts
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New York
North Carolina
Rhode Island
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Texas
Virginia
Washington, D.C.
Wisconsin
Wyoming




Show more 
Seniority level
Entry level
Employment type
Full-time
Job function
Marketing, Public Relations, and Writing/Editing
Industries
Alternative Dispute Resolution
  

Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Essential Partners by 2x

See who you know

Get notified about new Communications Associate jobs in United States.

Sign in to create job alert
Jobs
Regional Communications Manager jobs
Communications Associate
Similar jobs
Campaigns Associate
Campaigns Associate
PETA
United States
3 months ago
Associate, Communications and Marketing
Associate, Communications and Marketing
Converge Strategies, LLC
United States
$68,000 - $75,000
1 day ago
Associate, Communications
Associate, Communications
Whiteboard Advisors
Washington, DC
2 months ago
Public Relations Associate
Public Relations Associate
Hitachi Vantara
Columbus, OH
1 day ago
Public Affairs Associate
Public Affairs Associate
Bantam Communications
United States
$55,000 - $80,000
3 weeks ago
Associate, Community Engagement
Associate, Community Engagement
Share Our Strength
Washington, DC
2 days ago
Show more jobs like this 
People also viewed
Communications Specialist
Communications Specialist

Red Carrot

Washington, DC
1 month ago
Public Relations Coordinator
Public Relations Coordinator

Jewelry Store Marketers

United States
$44,000 - $66,000
2 hours ago
Specialist, Voice of Guest, Social Listening & Response
Specialist, Voice of Guest, Social Listening & Response

Panera Bread

United States
$33,169 - $48,294
2 days ago
Community Manager
Community Manager

OLIPOP PBC

United States
6 days ago
Marketing and Communications Coordinator
Marketing and Communications Coordinator

Jobgether

United States
4 days ago
Technical Content Marketing Specialist
Technical Content Marketing Specialist

Mozilla

United States
1 week ago
Writer I
Writer I

Red Carrot

Arlington, VA
2 months ago
Case Publicist
Case Publicist

Pacific Legal Foundation

United States
3 weeks ago
Junior Publicist
Junior Publicist

The Baddish Group

United States
5 hours ago
Public Relations & Communications Assistant
Public Relations & Communications Assistant

GeniusXLab LLC

Only, TN
2 weeks ago
Similar Searches
Regional Communications Manager jobs
2,630 open jobs
Media Relations Assistant jobs
32,574 open jobs
External Relations Manager jobs
3,817 open jobs
Development Communications Coordinator jobs
8,899 open jobs
Media Relations Coordinator jobs
7,302 open jobs
Senior Communications Associate jobs
4,299 open jobs
Director of Broadcasting jobs
125 open jobs
Marketing Associate Intern jobs
32 open jobs
Associate Publicist jobs
91 open jobs
Childcare Coordinator jobs
40,082 open jobs
Deputy Director of Development jobs
3,162 open jobs
Communications Assistant jobs
55,479 open jobs
Show more 
Explore top content on LinkedIn

Find curated posts and insights for relevant topics all in one place.

View top content
More searches 
LinkedIn
© 2026
About
Accessibility
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Copyright Policy
Brand Policy
Guest Controls
Community Guidelines
Language
Sign in to see who you already know at Essential Partners
Sign in with Email

or

New to LinkedIn? Join now

By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.