Title: Vaccines Digital Specialist
Company: GSK
Location: Helsinki Region, Finland
URL: https://fi.linkedin.com/jobs/view/vaccines-digital-specialist-at-gsk-4450428791
Posted: 2026-08-13
Deadline: Open until filled
Reason: The role is a good fit for Manju's generalist office and digital marketing experience, but requires Finnish language fluency which she has only at B2 intermediate level. She would need to improve her Finnish to be fully qualified.

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

LinkedIn kunnioittaa yksityisyyttäsi

LinkedIn ja kolmannet osapuolet käyttävät välttämättömiä ja ei-välttämättömiä evästeitä palvelujemme tarjoamiseen, suojaamiseen, analysointiin ja parantamiseen sekä osuvien mainosten näyttämiseen sinulle (mukaan lukien ammattilais- ja työpaikkailmoitukset) LinkedInissä ja niiden ulkopuolella. Lisätietoja on evästekäytännössämme.

Hyväksy ei-välttämättömien evästeiden käyttö valitsemalla Hyväksy tai estä niiden käyttö valitsemalla Hylkää. Voit päivittää valintasi milloin tahansa asetuksista.

Hyväksy Hylkää
Hyppää pääsisältöön
LinkedIn
Työt
Poista teksti
Poista teksti
Kirjaudu sisään
Liity nyt
Vaccines Digital Specialist
GSK  Espoo
2 viikkoa sitten  72 Hakijoiden
  

Katso, kuka GSK on palkattu tähän rooliin

Arvioi sopivuuttasi tekoälyn avulla

Hanki tekoälypohjaisia neuvoja tähän työhön ja muita eksklusiivisia ominaisuuksia.

Olenko sopiva tähän työhön?
Räätälöi ansioluetteloni
In your role as a Vaccines Digital Specialist, you will be responsible for planning, creating, and managing digital content and campaigns, including paid advertising and email marketing. You will also responsible for disease awareness campaign planning and execution to support vaccine strategy.

The role involves ensuring campaigns meet performance goals, compliance with industry regulations, and delivering a best-in-class customer experience across digital channels while collaborating with commercial operations for omnichannel execution.

Job Purpose


Lead omnichannel & digital marketing activities across channels to drive Vaccines strategy
Ensure best-in-class customer experience in our digital channels
Work together with the commercial operations team to implement best practice omnichannel platforms and ways of working


We create a place where people can grow, be their best, be safe, and feel welcome, valued and included. We offer a competitive salary, an annual bonus based on company performance, healthcare and wellbeing programmes, pension plan membership, and shares and savings programme.

We embrace modern work practises; our Performance with Choice programme offers a hybrid working model, empowering you to find the optimal balance between remote and in-office work.

Discover more about our company wide benefits and life at GSK on our webpage Life at GSK | GSK

In this role you will...


Digital content Creation and Management
Plan & create engaging and brand-aligned digital content, including visuals, videos, infographics, and written materials
Digital Campaign / User Journey Management:
Plan, create, and manage digital campaigns, including paid digital advertising, email marketing, 3rd party digital marketing
Ensure seasonal campaigns are run on time & budget to support the business and maximize the impact of annual events
Monitor and optimize campaigns for performance, ensuring they meet KPIs and ROI targets.
Analytics and Reporting:
Utilize analytics tools to measure and report on the performance of digital marketing activities.
Compliance and Best Practices:
Ensure all digital marketing activities comply with industry regulations and company policies.
Implement best practices in digital marketing to maintain high standards of quality and effectiveness.
Disease awareness campaigns
Consumer campaigns for awareness


Why you?

Basic Qualifications & Skills:

We are looking for professionals with these required skills to achieve our goals:


Experience in pharmaceutical and digital marketing
Experience with pharmaceutical and omnichannel execution of content and user journeys
Hands-on experience of content development and copy approval such as Content Lab


Preferred Qualifications & Skills:

Please note the following skills are not necessary, just preferred, if you do not have them, please still apply:


English and Finnish language is essential
Swedish language would be beneficial
Consumer marketing awareness campaign experience


Closing Date for Applications – Wednesday 19th August 2026

Please take a copy of the Job Description, as this will not be available post closure of the advert.

When applying for this role, please use the ‘cover letter’ of the online application or your CV to describe how you meet the competencies for this role, as outlined in the job requirements above. The information that you have provided in your cover letter and CV will be used to assess your application.

At GSK, we have bold ambitions for patients, aiming to positively impact the health of 2.5 billion people by the end of the decade. Our R&D focuses on discovering and delivering vaccines and medicines, combining our understanding of the immune system with cutting-edge technology to transform people’s lives. GSK fosters a culture ambitious for patients, accountable for impact, and committed to doing the right thing, making sure that we focus our efforts on accelerating significant assets that meet patients’ needs and have the highest probability of success. We’re uniting science, technology, and talent to get ahead of disease together.

Find out more:

Our approach to R&D.   

Skills

Data to Insights, Digital Fluency, Digital Marketing, Digital Strategy, Marketing Campaign Planning, Marketing Measurement, Marketing Strategy Implementation, Omnichannel Marketing, Pharmaceutical Industry, Scientific Literacy

Finnish Salary Range: EUR 49,425 to EUR 82,375The annual gross base salary range for new hires in this position is listed above for each applicable location. These ranges take into account a number of factors including the candidate’s skills, experience, education level and the market rate for the role. In addition, this position may offer an annual bonus and eligibility to participate in our share based long term incentive program which is dependent on the level of the role. More detailed information on the total benefits package will be supplied during the recruitment process. This role is available for applicants from multiple locations, and therefore salary ranges for certain locations are also shown. Salary ranges for other locations are shown because some markets have pay transparency laws that require salary information on job postings, and those locations are potential job sites for this role. If salary ranges are not displayed in the job posting for a specific location or country, the relevant compensation will be discussed during the recruitment process. Please note salaries vary by country based on the candidate’s skills, experience, education level and the market rate for the role. Offers are typically made within the advertised range based on the candidate’s skills, experience and qualifications, with the upper end generally reserved for highly experienced candidates or other exceptional circumstances aligned with these criteria.

Why GSK?

Uniting science, technology and talent to get ahead of disease together.

GSK is a global biopharma company with a purpose to unite science, technology and talent to get ahead of disease together. We aim to positively impact the health of 2.5 billion people by the end of the decade, as a successful, growing company where people can thrive. We get ahead of disease by preventing and treating it with innovation in specialty medicines and vaccines. We focus on four therapeutic areas: respiratory, immunology and inflammation; oncology; HIV; and infectious diseases – to impact health at scale.

People and patients around the world count on the medicines and vaccines we make, so we’re committed to creating an environment where our people can thrive and focus on what matters most. Our culture of being ambitious for patients, accountable for impact and doing the right thing is the foundation for how, together, we deliver for patients, shareholders and our people.

Should you require any adjustments to our process to assist you in demonstrating your strengths and capabilities contact us at HR.AmericasSC-CS@gsk.com where you can also request a call.

Please note should your inquiry not relate to adjustments, we will not be able to support you through these channels. However, we have created a Recruitment FAQ guide. Click the link where you will find answers to multiple questions we receive

GSK is an Equal Opportunity Employer. This ensures that all qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, gender identity, and sexual orientation), parental status, national origin, age, disability, genetic information (including family medical history), military service or any basis prohibited under federal, state or local law.

Important notice to Employment businesses/ Agencies

GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK. GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site.

Please note that if you are a US Licensed Healthcare Professional or Healthcare Professional as defined by the laws of the state issuing your license, GSK may be required to capture and report expenses GSK incurs, on your behalf, in the event you are afforded an interview for employment. This capture of applicable transfers of value is necessary to ensure GSK’s compliance to all federal and state US Transparency requirements. For more information, please visit the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) website at https://openpaymentsdata.cms.gov/
Show more 
Seniority level
Keskijohto
Työn tyyppi
Kokopäiväinen
Työtehtävä
Myynti, Taide/Luova toiminta ja Markkinointi
Industries
Lääkevalmistus
  

Lähetteet lisäävät mahdollisuuksiasi haastatteluun GSK 2x

Katso, kenet tunnet
Saat ilmoituksen, kun uusi työpaikka julkaistaan.
Aseta hälytys
Samankaltaiset työpaikat
Global Marketing Specialist
Global Marketing Specialist
Medix Biochemica
Espoo
1 viikko sitten
ICT-asiantuntija
ICT-asiantuntija
Helsingin sosiaali-, terveys- ja pelastustoimiala
Helsinki
3 viikkoa sitten
Digital Marketing Specialist
Digital Marketing Specialist
CGI
Helsinki
4 päivää sitten
Senior Paid Campaign Specialist
Senior Paid Campaign Specialist
IQM Quantum Computers
Espoo
2 viikkoa sitten
Web Growth Manager
Web Growth Manager
Matrix42
Espoo
3 viikkoa sitten
Viestintäpäällikkö / Viestinnän asiantuntija
Viestintäpäällikkö / Viestinnän asiantuntija
Lääkärikeskus Aava
Uusimaa, Finland
20 tuntia sitten
Show more jobs like this 
Muita katsottuja
Data-asiantuntija
Data-asiantuntija

Kela

Helsinki
1 päivä sitten
Creative Marketing Producer
Creative Marketing Producer

CapsLock

Helsinki
2 kuukautta sitten
Medical Scientific Liaison (MSL)
Medical Scientific Liaison (MSL)

Orion Pharma

Espoo
19 tuntia sitten
Senior Marketing Specialist, Shop-in-Shop Business (Fazer Leipurit)
Senior Marketing Specialist, Shop-in-Shop Business (Fazer Leipurit)

Fazer

Vantaa
3 900,00 € - 4 400,00 €
1 päivä sitten
Marketing Specialist, Consumer Experience
Marketing Specialist, Consumer Experience

Fazer

Vantaa
3 350,00 € - 4 100,00 €
1 päivä sitten
Procurement Data Content Manager
Procurement Data Content Manager

Sievo

Helsinki
1 kuukausi sitten
Julkisen sektorin / terveydenhuollon konsultti
Julkisen sektorin / terveydenhuollon konsultti

PwC Finland

Helsinki sub-region
3 viikkoa sitten
Lead Consultant
Lead Consultant

Taskmill

Helsinki
1 kuukausi sitten
Product Marketing Manager, Brawl Stars
Product Marketing Manager, Brawl Stars

Brawl Stars

Helsinki
1 kuukausi sitten
Product Lead, D2C
Product Lead, D2C

Supercell

Helsinki
1 viikko sitten
LinkedIn
© 2026
Tietoja
Saavutettavuus
Käyttäjäsopimus
Tietosuojakäytäntö
Evästekäytännöt
Tekijänoikeuskäytännöt
Brändikäytäntö
Vieraiden hallinta
Yhteisön ohjeet
Kieli
Kirjaudu sisään nähdäksesi, keitä tunnet jo GSK
Kirjaudu sähköpostiosoitteella

tai

Oletko uusi LinkedIn-käyttäjä? Liity nyt

Kun liityt tai kirjaudut sisään valitsemalla Jatka, hyväksyt LinkedInin käyttäjäsopimuksen, tietosuojakäytännön ja evästekäytännön.