Title: Administrative Assistant III (Executive)
Company: Humana
Location: District of Columbia, United States
URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/administrative-assistant-iii-executive-at-humana-4428228020
Posted: 2025-09-03
Deadline: N/A
Reason: The role is an Administrative Assistant supporting executive leadership, which fits Manju's experience from organizing community events and digital service deployment at IHO.

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

LinkedIn kunnioittaa yksityisyyttäsi

LinkedIn ja kolmannet osapuolet käyttävät välttämättömiä ja ei-välttämättömiä evästeitä palvelujemme tarjoamiseen, suojaamiseen, analysointiin ja parantamiseen sekä osuvien mainosten näyttämiseen sinulle (mukaan lukien ammattilais- ja työpaikkailmoitukset) LinkedInissä ja niiden ulkopuolella. Lisätietoja on evästekäytännössämme.

Hyväksy ei-välttämättömien evästeiden käyttö valitsemalla Hyväksy tai estä niiden käyttö valitsemalla Hylkää. Voit päivittää valintasi milloin tahansa asetuksista.

Hyväksy Hylkää
Hyppää pääsisältöön
LinkedIn
Työt
Poista teksti
Poista teksti
Kirjaudu sisään
Liity nyt
Administrative Assistant III (Executive)
Humana  District of Columbia, United States
1 viikko sitten   Yli 200 hakijaa
  

Katso, kuka Humana on palkattu tähän rooliin

Arvioi sopivuuttasi tekoälyn avulla

Hanki tekoälypohjaisia neuvoja tähän työhön ja muita eksklusiivisia ominaisuuksia.

Olenko sopiva tähän työhön?
Räätälöi ansioluetteloni
Humana provided pay range

This range is provided by Humana. Your actual pay will be based on your skills and experience — talk with your recruiter to learn more.

Base pay range
53 100,00 $ /v - 72 500,00 $ /vuosi
Become a part of our caring community

Humana is seeking an Administrative Assistant who has experience supporting executive level leadership to join the team as an Administrative Assistant 3 working remote. Reporting directly to the VP, Retail Digital Transformation, you will manage, prioritize and complete tasks for 3 senior level executives and their organizational needs. You must be a self- starter that identifies requirements, anticipates requests and takes initiative to mitigate needs while building and managing relationships across Humana in support of the department objectives and the team.

Key Role Functions


Communicate to internal and external stakeholders, partners, providers, and corporate and community leaders
Manage and maintain calendars/schedules using sound judgment to prioritize meetings
Coordinate internal and external meetings which may involve scheduling meeting times, making travel arrangements for attendees, and ensuring that various meeting amenities are available
Complete expense reconciliation accurately and timely for leaders supported
Assist leadership team with presentations, responses to requests, reports, meeting agendas and meeting materials
Maintain and manage travel schedules (scheduling appointments, making travel arrangements, etc.)
Determine proper course of action for incoming requests, calls and correspondence, direct to appropriate person or operational area
Anticipate needs before they happen and take initiative to eliminate any potential bottlenecks which may arise


To be successful in this role, you must have the ability to perform at a high-intensity pace, juggling multiple projects with a positive attitude while producing a quality work product and maintaining strict confidentiality. You must have a solid comfort level in an executive corporate environment and can work independently and effectively in a fast-paced environment, think on your feet, remain calm under pressure, and anticipate needs in advance. Having strong organizational skills with the ability to balance multiple initiatives under short timelines and prioritize workload are also critical to success in this role.

This role is a remote role for only candidates in KY, FL, TX and D.C.

Required Qualifications

Use your skills to make an impact


5+ years of experience supporting multiple senior level executives in a large and complex organization
Experience managing many details for executive leaders related to calendaring/scheduling, follow-up requests, travel-related planning, etc. simultaneously with low rate of error
Proven experience in coordinating complex travel arrangements for senior leaders, including booking flights, accommodations, ground transportation, and managing itinerary changes as needed
Proficient in Microsoft Outlook, Word, and PowerPoint to include office suite of technology
Demonstrated proficiency in navigating and utilizing multiple systems and software applications concurrently to efficiently manage tasks and workflows
Demonstrates a high level of professionalism, including strong executive presence and polished corporate demeanor, in all interactions with internal and external stakeholders
Models confident, effective communication and consistently represent the organization’s values and standards
Exhibits exceptional attention to detail, ensuring accuracy and thoroughness in all tasks and deliverables, while consistently handling sensitive information with discretion and maintaining confidentiality in all professional matters
Demonstrates the ability to balance multiple initiatives and effectively prioritize workload, while maintaining flexibility to support urgent business needs and requests


Preferred Qualifications


Associate's or Bachelor’s Degree
Proficient in Microsoft Excel
Experience proof-reading/editing
Experience with expense reports and reviewing financial documents to align with company policy


Additional Information

This role occasional travel for onsite business needs.

To Ensure Home Or Hybrid Home/Office Employees’ Ability To Work Effectively, The Self-provided Internet Service Of Home Or Hybrid Home/Office Employees Must Meet The Following Criteria


At minimum, a download speed of 25 Mbps and an upload speed of 10 Mbps is recommended; wireless, wired cable or DSL connection is suggested
Satellite, cellular and microwave connection can be used only if approved by leadership
Employees who live and work from Home in the state of California, Illinois, Montana, or South Dakota will be provided a bi-weekly payment for their internet expense.
Humana will provide Home or Hybrid Home/Office employees with telephone equipment appropriate to meet the business requirements for their position/job.
Work from a dedicated space lacking ongoing interruptions to protect member PHI / HIPAA information


Benefits

Humana offers a variety of benefits to promote the best health and well-being of our employees and their families. We design competitive and flexible packages to give our employees a sense of financial security—both today and in the future, including:


Health benefits effective day 1
Paid time off, holidays, volunteer time and jury duty pay
Recognition pay
401(k) retirement savings plan with employer match
Tuition assistance
Scholarships for eligible dependents
Parental and caregiver leave
Employee charity matching program
Network Resource Groups (NRGs)
Career development opportunities


Our Hiring Process

As part of our hiring process for this opportunity, we may contact you via text message and email to gather more information using a software platform called HireVue. HireVue Text, Scheduling and Video technologies allow you to interact with us at the time and location most convenient for you.

If you are selected to move forward from your application prescreen, you may receive correspondence inviting you to participate in a pre-recorded Voice, Text Messaging and/or Video interview. Your recorded interview will be reviewed and you will subsequently be informed if you will be moving forward to next round of interviews.

If you have additional questions regarding this role posting and are an Internal Candidate, please send them to the Ask A Recruiter persona by visiting go/Buzz and searching Ask A Recruiter! Please be sure to provide the requisition number so we may be able to research your request quicker.

Humana values personal identity protection. Please be aware that applicants may be asked to provide their Social Security Number, if it is not already on file. When required, an email will be sent from Humana@myworkday.com with instructions on how to add the information into your official application on Humana’s secure website.

Travel: While this is a remote position, occasional travel to Humana's offices for training or meetings may be required.

Scheduled Weekly Hours

40

Pay Range

The compensation range below reflects a good faith estimate of starting base pay for full time (40 hours per week) employment at the time of posting. The pay range may be higher or lower based on geographic location and individual pay will vary based on demonstrated job related skills, knowledge, experience, education, certifications, etc.

$53,100 - $72,500 per year

Description Of Benefits

Humana, Inc. and its affiliated subsidiaries (collectively, “Humana”) offers competitive benefits that support whole-person well-being. Associate benefits are designed to encourage personal wellness and smart healthcare decisions for you and your family while also knowing your life extends outside of work. Among our benefits, Humana provides medical, dental and vision benefits, 401(k) retirement savings plan, time off (including paid time off, company and personal holidays, volunteer time off, paid parental and caregiver leave), short-term and long-term disability, life insurance and many other opportunities.

About Us

About Humana: Humana Inc. (NYSE: HUM) is a leading U.S. healthcare company. Through our Humana insurance services and our CenterWell healthcare services, we make it easier for the millions of people we serve to achieve their best health – delivering the care and service they need, when they need it. These efforts are leading to a better quality of life for people with Medicare and Medicaid, families, individuals, military service personnel, and communities at large. Learn more about what we offer at Humana.com and at CenterWell.com.

Equal Opportunity Employer

It is the policy of Humana not to discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, marital status, genetic information, disability or protected veteran status. It is also the policy of Humana to take affirmative action, in compliance with Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act and VEVRAA, to employ and to advance in employment individuals with disability or protected veteran status, and to base all employment decisions only on valid job requirements. This policy shall apply to all employment actions, including but not limited to recruitment, hiring, upgrading, promotion, transfer, demotion, layoff, recall, termination, rates of pay or other forms of compensation and selection for training, including apprenticeship, at all levels of employment.
Show more 
Seniority level
Keskijohto
Työn tyyppi
Kokopäiväinen
Työtehtävä
Hallinto
Industries
Vakuutusala
  

Lähetteet lisäävät mahdollisuuksiasi haastatteluun Humana 2x

Katso, kenet tunnet
Saat ilmoituksen, kun uusi työpaikka julkaistaan.
Aseta hälytys
Samankaltaiset työpaikat
Senior Executive Business Partner
Senior Executive Business Partner
GitLab
United States
2 viikkoa sitten
Executive Business Partner
Executive Business Partner
Ladders
United States
118 200,00 $ - 159 900,00 $
1 päivä sitten
Executive Assistant to CEO
Executive Assistant to CEO
PrepVault Inc.
United States
70 000,00 $ - 100 000,00 $
1 päivä sitten
Executive Business Partner
Executive Business Partner
Jobgether
United States
1 päivä sitten
Executive Business Partner - Everest
Executive Business Partner - Everest
Infinity Constellation
United States
4 päivää sitten
Senior Executive Assistant
Senior Executive Assistant
GitLab
United States
1 päivä sitten
Show more jobs like this 
Muita katsottuja
Personal Assistant
Personal Assistant

Puffy

United States
50 000,00 $ - 66 000,00 $
1 viikko sitten
Executive Assistant
Executive Assistant

Mercer Advisors

United States
1 viikko sitten
Senior Executive Assistant (Remote)
Senior Executive Assistant (Remote)

Colibri Magic

United States
2 viikkoa sitten
Executive Assistant, CFO & CEO
Executive Assistant, CFO & CEO

Prism Data Consulting

United States
159 000,00 $ - 198 700,00 $
1 tunti sitten
Executive Assistant
Executive Assistant

Timeline Optimization Group

United States
80 000,00 $ - 140 000,00 $
3 päivää sitten
Executive Assistant
Executive Assistant

The Drive Agency

United States
2 viikkoa sitten
Executive Assistant to CRO
Executive Assistant to CRO

Orchestrate Consulting Group

United States
1 päivä sitten
Executive Assistant to CEO
Executive Assistant to CEO

Earnest

United States
4 päivää sitten
Personal Executive Assistant to CEO & C-Suite
Personal Executive Assistant to CEO & C-Suite

CoreView

Washington, District of Columbia, United States
4 päivää sitten
Executive Assistant
Executive Assistant

Function Health

United States
1 viikko sitten
Samankaltaisia hakuja
Apulais Työpaikkoja
1 091 945 avointa työpaikkaa
Hallintokirjanpito Työpaikkoja
58 488 avointa työpaikkaa
Hallintosihteeri Työpaikkoja
51 988 avointa työpaikkaa
Johtajan assistentti Työpaikkoja
152 423 avointa työpaikkaa
Vastaanottovirkailija Työpaikkoja
64 579 avointa työpaikkaa
Sihteeri Työpaikkoja
362 008 avointa työpaikkaa
Sairaalan sihteeri Työpaikkoja
50 539 avointa työpaikkaa
Assistentti Työpaikkoja
711 811 avointa työpaikkaa
Hallinnollinen teknikko Työpaikkoja
53 902 avointa työpaikkaa
apulaisrahastonhoitaja Työpaikkoja
1 364 avointa työpaikkaa
Hallintoanalyytikko Työpaikkoja
109 317 avointa työpaikkaa
Logistiikka-assistentti Työpaikkoja
46 028 avointa työpaikkaa
Näytä lisää 
Tutustu LinkedInin suosituimpaan sisältöön

Löydä kuratoituja julkaisuja ja oivalluksia olennaisista aiheista yhdessä paikassa.

Näytä suosituin sisältö
Lisää hakuja 
LinkedIn
© 2026
Tietoja
Saavutettavuus
Käyttäjäsopimus
Tietosuojakäytäntö
Evästekäytännöt
Tekijänoikeuskäytännöt
Brändikäytäntö
Vieraiden hallinta
Yhteisön ohjeet
Kieli
Kirjaudu sisään nähdäksesi, keitä tunnet jo Humana
Kirjaudu sähköpostiosoitteella

tai

Oletko uusi LinkedIn-käyttäjä? Liity nyt

Kun liityt tai kirjaudut sisään valitsemalla Jatka, hyväksyt LinkedInin käyttäjäsopimuksen, tietosuojakäytännön ja evästekäytännön.