Title: NHL Suomi Social Media Manager
Company: IMG
Location: Finland
URL: https://fi.linkedin.com/jobs/view/nhl-suomi-social-media-manager-at-img-4437159168
Posted: 2026-07-06
Deadline: N/A
Reason: The role is a social media manager position for NHL Suomi channels, which fits Manju's key skills in event management and digital service deployment.

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

LinkedIn respects your privacy

LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy.

Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings.

Accept Reject
Skip to main content
LinkedIn
Jobs
Clear text
Clear text
Sign in
Join now
NHL Suomi Social Media Manager
IMG  Finland
52 minutes ago   Be among the first 25 applicants
  

See who IMG has hired for this role

Apply
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Get AI-powered advice on this job and more exclusive features.

Am I a good fit for this job?
Tailor my resume

Company Description




IMG is a leading global sports marketing agency that drives revenue growth and fan engagement for more than 250 sports and entertainment rightsholders. The company specializes in media rights management, multi-channel content production, brand partnerships, strategic consulting, digital services, and event management. IMG works across major leagues and properties worldwide, helping partners expand their reach and maximize the value of their IP. Team members collaborate in an international environment and benefit from working at the intersection of sports, media, and technology.




Role Overview and Purpose




Day-to-day community management of the NHL Suomi channels (primarily X, Facebook, Instagram and WhatsApp). The aim will be to drive growth, engagement, and excitement from a young Finland-based (18-30) demographic, speaking in Finnish.




There will be a focused effort on maximising awareness, interest and excitement around local players, as well as working with broadcasters to drive greater audiences for the product. The upcoming 2026/27 season Global Series game in Helsinki is also a key priority.




Key responsibilities




• Ideate, create, and publish content for the NHL Suomi accounts on a daily basis through the 2026/27 season (X, Instagram, Facebook and WhatsApp.)

• You’ll be part of the IMG NHL social team (seven other markets) and work with the NHL Social Media Team to ensure all social platforms are entertaining and engaging every day of the year

• The social channels you run will also promote key NHL initiatives and events with high quality content

• Be prepared to report on the games in a mixture of as they happen, and first thing in the morning (07:00 - 09:00 local time) so the fans get the latest news, highlights, and more, when they wake up (and to cover some key games, for example, the Stanley Cup Final)

• Creating an engaged community, talking to fans every day, and being the main point of contact for all localised queries that come in via social media

• Develop a strong network of local influencers and creators who can be relied upon to reach new hockey fans across Finland, and other relevant territories and can be considered as part of the NHL’s wider marketing strategy

• Execute weekly social media content calendar, supported by IMG

• Contribute new ideas in weekly content calls with internal NHL IMG team

• Closely monitor all social media activity relating to the league, its adjacent leagues, the sport, its teams, its players and staff

• Help promote the league’s activities, content and commercial messaging

• Be prepared to work flexible hours to ensure suitable coverage of the NHL’s regular season and postseason




Key relationships




Internal – IMG NHL Social Team (Lead, Social Planners and Producers), NHL International Social Media Lead and the other local market Social Managers (Australia, Czechia, Español, Europe, Germany, Switzerland, Sweden). Will work in the market alongside our NHL Suomi Relationships Manager.




External – European hockey fans, regional hockey fan clubs and teams, and European influencers




Essential Skills




• A minimum of three years’ experience managing sizeable social media channels and audiences - with a specific focus on managing Instagram accounts

• A strong understanding the Finnish sports market in general, but more specifically NHL players, fans, associations and culture

• Strong coordination skills, able to demonstrate experience managing and handling large scale content plans and schedules

• Considerable knowledge of NHL and hockey

• Fluent in English and Finnish (spoken and written), with perfect spelling, grammar, and syntax

• Comfortable adopting a brand's tone of voice across social media platforms

• Aware of requirements of a major brand on social, and suitable approaches to platform restrictions

• Flexible, reactive and sound editorial judgement

• Social/digital first brain rather than journalistic point of view

• A finger on the pulse in terms of social media trends, market understanding and the potential application of this information for the NHL

• Ability to locate, engage with, and manage key online influencers in Finnish and beyond

• A passion for hockey and the NHL

• Proficient in content creation - through in-app editing or Adobe suite.

• Understanding and experience of phone-based or desktop video editing software – e.g. Adobe Premiere Pro, Adobe After Effects, Final Cut, Avid, Edits/Capcut

• Understanding and experience of photo manipulation software – e.g. Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator




Preferable Skills




• Experience of live sporting event coverage – inc. video tools such as WSC is preferable

• Good understanding of analytics tools and data – what the data means, how to react to it, and how to reach key KPIs




Desired Results




Delivery of social media output which enhances the League’s position of being market-leading in terms of a digital sports experience.




New fan growth, engagement and video views for @NHLSuomi on Instagram, and @NHL on Facebook (geo-fenced).




Continue to build the NHL’s reputation in Finland and the surrounding areas as a League who embraces this community, leads with creativity and innovation, and is welcoming to all.




A network of engaged influencers (big and small) who actively promote the NHL in a positive light on a regular basis.




Deliver significant support for the League’s broadcast partner in the market.




Professional, accurate and entertaining NHL social media channels.




Further information




We estimate the role to be 1-2 hours every morning to engage fans as they awake/commute, 1-2 hours throughout the day as news and other events take place.




Live social media coverage of key games, e.g., NHL Global Series games, NHL Saturday/Sunday, and selective Stanley Cup Playoffs Playoffs and Final games




Interviews to take place via Microsoft Teams.




Invoices paid on a monthly basis for set amount.




Successful candidate would be expected to use their own computer, but IMG would provide professional level subscriptions to tools like Box, Emplifi and Slack.




Interested?




If interested, please apply by July 31st 2026.

Show more 
Seniority level
Mid-Senior level
Employment type
Contract
Job function
Marketing and Sales
Industries
Entertainment Providers
  

Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at IMG by 2x

See who you know
Get notified when a new job is posted.
Set alert
Similar jobs
Social Media Community Manager
Social Media Community Manager
Nokia
Espoo, Uusimaa, Finland
2 weeks ago
Community Manager
Community Manager
Social First
Kotka, Kymenlaakso, Finland
1 month ago
Global Influencer & Creator Manager
Global Influencer & Creator Manager
Supercell
Helsinki, Uusimaa, Finland
4 days ago
Junior Social Media Community Manager (Fixed-term)
Junior Social Media Community Manager (Fixed-term)
Moomin Characters
Helsinki Metropolitan Area
2 weeks ago
Creative Producer
Creative Producer
CapsLock
Helsinki, Uusimaa, Finland
3 weeks ago
Content Creator, Marketing
Content Creator, Marketing
A.S.Helsingö
Helsinki, Uusimaa, Finland
4 days ago
Show more jobs like this 
People also viewed
Marketing Specialist
Marketing Specialist

Alicent (alicent.com)

Espoo, Uusimaa, Finland
2 days ago
Marketing Specialist
Marketing Specialist

Geberit Suomi

Vantaa, Uusimaa, Finland
2 weeks ago
Communications and Sustainablity Manager
Communications and Sustainablity Manager

Lohkare Infra

Helsinki, Uusimaa, Finland
3 days ago
Project Manager
Project Manager

dentsu

Helsinki, Uusimaa, Finland
2 days ago
Viestintäsuunnittelija
Viestintäsuunnittelija

JAMK University of Applied Sciences

Jyväskylä, Central Finland, Finland
3 weeks ago
Viestintäkoordinaattori
Viestintäkoordinaattori

Pihlajalinna

Helsinki, Uusimaa, Finland
2 weeks ago
Game Lead - Flappy Dunk
Game Lead - Flappy Dunk

Voodoo

Helsinki, Uusimaa, Finland
4 days ago
Customer Experience Manager
Customer Experience Manager

Jobgether

Finland
2 hours ago
Communications Lead
Communications Lead

Aiven

Helsinki, Uusimaa, Finland
2 weeks ago
Government Relations & Public Policy Manager, Finland
Government Relations & Public Policy Manager, Finland

TikTok

Helsinki, Uusimaa, Finland
14 hours ago
LinkedIn
© 2026
About
Accessibility
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Copyright Policy
Brand Policy
Guest Controls
Community Guidelines
Language
Sign in to see who you already know at IMG
Sign in with Email

or

New to LinkedIn? Join now

By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.