Title: Public Engagement Specialist - Communications Specialist 4
Company: Minnesota Management and Budget
Location: St Paul, MN
URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/public-engagement-specialist-communications-specialist-4-at-minnesota-management-and-budget-4452913180
Posted: 2026-08-13
Deadline: 2026-08-25
Reason: The role is a strong match for Manju's event coordination and communications experience, but requires a bachelor's degree in communications, journalism, English, or public relations which she does not have.

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

LinkedIn respects your privacy

LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy.

Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings.

Accept Reject
Skip to main content
LinkedIn
Jobs
Clear text
Clear text
Sign in
Join now
Public Engagement Specialist - Communications Specialist 4
Minnesota Management and Budget  St Paul, MN
1 hour ago   Be among the first 25 applicants
  

See who Minnesota Management and Budget has hired for this role

Apply 
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Get AI-powered advice on this job and more exclusive features.

Am I a good fit for this job?
Tailor my resume
Working Title: Public Engagement Specialist

Job Class: Communications Specialist 4

Agency: Minnesota Management & Budget


Job ID: 96268
Location: St. Paul
Telework Eligible: Yes
Full/Part Time: Full-Time
Regular/Temporary: Unlimited
Who May Apply: Open to all qualified job seekers
Date Posted: 08/12/2026
Closing Date: 08/25/2026
Hiring Agency/Seniority Unit: Minnesota Management & Budget
Division/Unit: Communications
Work Shift/Work Hours: Day Shift
Days of Work: Monday - Friday
Travel Required: No
Salary Range: $36.59 - $54.25 / hourly; $76,400 - $113,274 / annually
Classified Status: Classified
Bargaining Unit/Union: MAPE
FLSA Status: Exempt
Designated in Connect 700 Program for Applicants with Disabilities: Yes


The work you'll do is more than just a job.

At the State of Minnesota, employees play a critical role in developing policies, providing essential services, and working to improve the well-being and quality of life for all Minnesotans. The State of Minnesota is committed to equity and inclusion, and invests in employees by providing benefits, support resources, and training and development opportunities.

Minnesota Management and Budget (MMB) is seeking a strategic and collaborative communications professional to lead public outreach, external engagement, and designated communications and marketing efforts across the agency. This role ensures clear, consistent communication with the public, key stakeholder groups, and enterprise partners while advancing MMB’s mission and elevating the work of the Planning & Policy division, particularly the Long-Range Planning team. The Public Engagement Specialist leads the development of outreach plans, engagement strategies, and communication initiatives that reach diverse audiences, including non-profit organizations, local communities, communities of color, underserved and low-income communities, state agencies, and local governments.

Job duties for this position include:


Leading development of agency outreach plans in collaboration with MMB business teams, including coordination of outreach in conjunction with other agencies, partners, and stakeholders.
Leading and directing communications and marketing for designated areas of MMB to meet division, agency, and enterprise needs.
Collaborating with management and staff to establish priorities, coordinate the planning, design and production of agency communication materials, including brochures, reports, plans, PowerPoint presentations, communication deliverables, and other resources to maintain consistency and quality.
Tracking and responding to incoming requests for public information from media stakeholders, enterprise representatives, and the general public.


Telework options for this position are dependent on where the employee lives. With approval, employees that live within 50 miles from the primary work location may telework up to 50%. Employees that live 50 miles or more from the primary location and live in Minnesota may telework more than 50% with approval.

Minimum Qualifications

To facilitate proper years of service crediting, please ensure that your resume clearly describes your experience in the areas listed and indicates the beginning and ending month and year for each job held. Candidates must clearly demonstrate all the following qualifications on their resume. Resume tips are available here.


Four (4) years of communications experience leading or coordinating public engagement or external outreach efforts, including developing, producing, and managing communication materials for public-facing audiences.


Experience must include:


Responding to or managing media inquiries, serving as a spokesperson, or preparing materials for executive-level leadership on public-facing issues.
Writing and editing skills sufficient to produce clear, plain-language content for the public, stakeholders, and executive audiences across print, digital, and web platforms.
Developing communication strategies, including selecting communication channels, crafting key messages, and ensuring consistency with brand standards.
Advising leadership on communications approaches, including providing guidance on message development, timing, potential public impact, and strategies for addressing sensitive or high-visibility issues.
Interpersonal skills sufficient to establish and maintain effective working relationships with internal and external partners, including executives, project teams, enterprise agencies, legislative offices, and members of the public.
Demonstrated respect for diversity and a deep commitment to fostering an inclusive and collaborative work environment.


A bachelor’s degree in communications, journalism, English, or public relations may substitute for one (1) year of experience. A master’s degree in any of the previously listed fields may substitute for eighteen (18) months of experience. A doctorate degree in any of the previously listed fields may substitute for two (2) years of experience.

Preferred Qualifications

MMB values diverse perspectives and encourages all qualified candidates to apply, even if they do not meet 100% of the preferred qualifications. Your unique skills and background might be just what we need!


A bachelor's degree in communications, journalism, English, or public relations.
Experience developing communication or outreach strategies within a government, public sector, or complex enterprise environment.
Experience planning and promoting public meetings, community engagement sessions, or large-scale outreach initiatives.
Experience coordinating the work of graphic designers, web editors, contractors, or vendors in the development of communication materials.


Additional Requirements

It is the policy of Minnesota Management and Budget that a successful candidate must pass all required checks prior to employment which may consist of the below checks:


SEMA4 records check (applies to current and past state employees only)
Criminal history check
Reference check
Social Security and address verification
Education verification
Conflict of interest review
Other legally or internal policy required checks


A criminal history does not automatically disqualify candidates, and each case will be reviewed individually on a case-by-case basis and in alignment with fair and equitable hiring practices.

Minnesota Management & Budget does not participate in E-Verify. Minnesota Management & Budget will not sponsor applicant work visas, including F-1 STEM OPT extensions. All applicants must be legally authorized to work in the United States.

How To Apply

Select “Apply for Job” at the top of this page. If you have questions about applying for jobs, contact the Careers Help Desk at 651-259-3637 or email careers@state.mn.us. For additional information about the application process, go to http://www.mn.gov/careers.

To receive consideration as a Connect 700 Program applicant, apply online, email the Job ID#, the Working Title, and your valid Proof of Eligibility Certificate by the closing date to Helen Kope at helen.kope@state.mn.usHelen Kope at helen.kope@state.mn.us .

MMB may choose to non-competitively interview certain disabled veterans (CDVs). To receive consideration as a CDV under M.S. 43A.111, you must:


Meet service requirements and have a verified service-connected disability rating of at least 30%
Provide qualifying documentation verifying the disability
Meet all minimum qualifications identified in this posting
Submit all documentation by the closing date to Helen Kope at helen.kope@state.mn.us.


Contact

If you have questions about this position, contact Helen Kope at helen.kope@state.mn.us or 651-201-8199.

Working together to improve the state we love.

What do Minnesota's State employees have in common?


A sense of purpose in their work
Connection with their coworkers and communities
Opportunities for personal and professional growth


Benefits

As an employee, you'll have access to one of the most affordable health insurance plans in Minnesota, along with other benefits to help you and your family be well.

Your benefits may include:


Paid vacation and sick leave
12 paid holidays each year
Low-cost medical, dental, vision, and prescription drug plans
Fertility care, including IVF
Diabetes care
Dental and orthodontic care for adults and children
6 weeks paid leave for parents of newborn or newly adopted children
Pension plan that provides income when you retire (after working at least three years)
Employer paid life insurance to provide support for your family in the event of death
Short-term and long-term disability insurance that can provide income if you are unable to work due to illness or injury
Tax-free expense accounts for health, dental, and dependent care
Resources that provide support and promote physical, emotional, social, and financial well-being


Support to help you reach your career goals:


Training, classes, and professional development
Tuition reimbursement
Federal Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program (Some positions may qualify for the Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program. For more information, visit the Federal Student Aid website at studentaid.gov)


Employee Assistance Program (EAP) for work/life support:


A voluntary confidential program that helps employees and their families with life challenges that may impact overall health, personal well-being, or job performance
Common sources of stress can be addressed through the EAP: mental health, relationship challenges (personal and work), grief and loss, finances, and legal issues
Daily Living/Convenience Services: Chore services, home repair, trip planning, child/elder care


Programs, resources and benefits eligibility varies based on type of employment, agency, funding availability, union/collective bargaining agreement, location, and length of service with the State of Minnesota.

EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYERS

Minnesota state agencies are equal opportunity, affirmative action, and veteran-friendly employers. State agencies are committed to creating a workforce that reflects the diversity of the state and strongly encourages persons of color and Indigenous communities, members of the LGBTQIA2S+ community, individuals with disabilities, women, and veterans to apply. The varied experiences and perspectives of employees strengthen the work we do together and our ability to best serve Minnesotans.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, and disabilities related to pregnancy or childbirth), gender identity, gender expression, marital status, familial status, age, sexual orientation, status regarding public assistance, disability, veteran status or activity in a local Human Rights Commission or any other characteristic protected by law.

Applicants With Disabilities

Minnesota state agencies make reasonable accommodations to their employees and applicants with disabilities. If you have a disability and need assistance in searching or applying for jobs with the State of Minnesota, call the Careers Help Desk at 651-259-3637 or email careers@state.mn.us and let us know the support you need.
Show more 
Seniority level
Mid-Senior level
Employment type
Full-time
Job function
Marketing, Public Relations, and Writing/Editing
Industries
Government Administration
  

Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Minnesota Management and Budget by 2x

See who you know

Get notified about new Communications Specialist jobs in St Paul, MN.

Sign in to create job alert
Similar jobs
Communication Specialist
Communication Specialist
Independent School District 196
Rosemount, MN
1 week ago
Multifamily Communications Coordinator / Communications Specialist 1
Multifamily Communications Coordinator / Communications Specialist 1
State of Minnesota
St Paul, MN
1 week ago
Communications Coordinator
Communications Coordinator
HDR
St Louis Park, MN
2 weeks ago
Specialist - Alumni Engagement
Specialist - Alumni Engagement
Covista
Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area
$20.51 - $36.09
1 day ago
Training and Communications Specialist - Training and Development Specialist 2
Training and Communications Specialist - Training and Development Specialist 2
Minnesota Department of Administration
St Paul, MN
1 week ago
Outreach Specialist- Req 362
Outreach Specialist- Req 362
Frontier Energy, Inc.
Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area
$60,000 - $68,000
1 month ago
Show more jobs like this 
People also viewed
Communications Supervisor
Communications Supervisor

Minnesota Department of Natural Resources

Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area
$87,299 - $125,488
6 days ago
Communication Consultant, Employee Experience - Value-Added Services
Communication Consultant, Employee Experience - Value-Added Services

WTW

Minneapolis, MN
2 weeks ago
Assistant Director - Communications
Assistant Director - Communications

University of Minnesota

Minneapolis, MN
1 week ago
Events Specialist
Events Specialist

Twin Cities PBS

St Paul, MN
2 days ago
Public relations senior account executive
Public relations senior account executive

Goff Public

St Paul, MN
6 days ago
Communications Specialist
Communications Specialist

Ameriprise Financial Services, LLC

Minneapolis, MN
5 days ago
Social Media Specialist
Social Media Specialist

Entrust

Shakopee, MN
1 week ago
Environmental & Natural Resources Reporter
Environmental & Natural Resources Reporter

Twin Cities PBS

St Paul, MN
2 days ago
Annual Giving & Communications Manager
Annual Giving & Communications Manager

Greater Minneapolis Crisis Nursery

Minneapolis, MN
12 hours ago
Senior PR Specialist
Senior PR Specialist

Curious Plot

Minneapolis, MN
5 days ago
Similar Searches
Communications Manager jobs
72,363 open jobs
Communications Advisor jobs
8,239 open jobs
Freelance Communications Consultant jobs
2,667 open jobs
Communications Consultant jobs
8,477 open jobs
Communications Analyst jobs
11,797 open jobs
Communications Coordinator jobs
14,338 open jobs
Head Lacrosse Coach jobs
673 open jobs
Senior Communications Specialist jobs
3,733 open jobs
Public Information Officer jobs
4,337 open jobs
Communications Associate jobs
18,187 open jobs
Communications Technician jobs
8,073 open jobs
Media Communications Specialist jobs
8,029 open jobs
Show more 
Explore top content on LinkedIn

Find curated posts and insights for relevant topics all in one place.

View top content
More searches 
LinkedIn
© 2026
About
Accessibility
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Copyright Policy
Brand Policy
Guest Controls
Community Guidelines
Language
Sign in to see who you already know at Minnesota Management and Budget
Sign in with Email

or

New to LinkedIn? Join now

By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.