Title: President's Office and Events Coordinator
Company: Portland State University, College of Urban and Public Affairs
Location: Portland, OR
URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/president-s-office-and-events-coordinator-at-portland-state-university-college-of-urban-and-public-affairs-4440899576
Posted: 2026-07-19
Deadline: 2026-07-27
Reason: The role is a generalist office position that matches Manju's event coordination experience, but requires a bachelor's degree which she has.

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

LinkedIn kunnioittaa yksityisyyttäsi

LinkedIn ja kolmannet osapuolet käyttävät välttämättömiä ja ei-välttämättömiä evästeitä palvelujemme tarjoamiseen, suojaamiseen, analysointiin ja parantamiseen sekä osuvien mainosten näyttämiseen sinulle (mukaan lukien ammattilais- ja työpaikkailmoitukset) LinkedInissä ja niiden ulkopuolella. Lisätietoja on evästekäytännössämme.

Hyväksy ei-välttämättömien evästeiden käyttö valitsemalla Hyväksy tai estä niiden käyttö valitsemalla Hylkää. Voit päivittää valintasi milloin tahansa asetuksista.

Hyväksy Hylkää
Hyppää pääsisältöön
LinkedIn
Työt
Poista teksti
Poista teksti
Kirjaudu sisään
Liity nyt
President's Office and Events Coordinator
Portland State University, College of Urban and Public Affairs  Portland, Oregon, United States
3 viikkoa sitten  79 Hakijoiden
  

Katso, kuka Portland State University, College of Urban and Public Affairs on palkattu tähän rooliin

Hae 
Tallenna
Position Announcement

Position Details

Proposed Start Date 08/13/2026 Classification Title Administrative Support Rank N - No Rank Working Title President's Office and Events Coordinator Department 100001 - POF President's Office Position Number D91395 Representation UU - Unclassified Unrepresented Renewable Renewable End date, if applicable Position FTE 1.0 Tenure Status N - not applicable

Position Summary

Brief Description of PSU/School/Dept

Portland State University is Oregon’s most affordable public research university, located in the heart of one of America’s most dynamic cities. Our mission to “let knowledge serve the city” reflects our dedication to turning ideas into action — in Portland and around the world. The city is our campus, giving students unmatched access to career connections, a vibrant cultural scene and hands-on learning experiences with hundreds of community partners.

More than 20,000 students from all backgrounds bring diverse perspectives to our classrooms and campus life, from the tree-lined Park Blocks to the bustling Urban Plaza and state-of-the-art science labs. We are proud of our world-class faculty, groundbreaking research and international reputation for excellence in sustainability, community engagement and innovation.

Position Summary

The Office of the President seeks a detail-oriented professional to provide comprehensive administrative support and event coordination services. This position requires exceptional discretion in handling confidential information and the ability to work effectively with individuals from diverse backgrounds. The successful candidate will foster collegial working relationships and promote a professional office environment.

Key Duties Include

Front Desk and Administrative Support

Welcome visitors as the first point of contact for the President’s Office. Under the primary direction of the Executive Assistant to the President, coordinate and triage inquiries in-person or via phone or email concerning how to access various university services or resolve concerns. Proactively support administrative operations, including independently auditing inventory and placing supply orders, updating databases, and optimizing archiving and filing systems. Carry out additional duties as assigned, including providing occasional support to other university leaders under the umbrella of the President’s Office.

Event Coordination

Provide support to the Director of Events in planning and executing an annual event portfolio including Commencement, Fall Convocation, annual holiday celebration, length of service or retirement celebrations, monthly town halls, and ad hoc events. As expertise is demonstrated, this position will independently plan and execute a portfolio of smaller events from concept through completion, under the supervision of the Director. Manage event communications including commencement inquiries, create event postings and fliers. Request venue spaces, AV services, and catering orders following university hosting guidelines and internal procedures. Research and call vendors as requested. Assist with hotel reservations and travel reimbursements for guest speakers and other high-profile visitors. Track and submit vendor invoices and pcard receipts against event budgets, and provide on-site support with occasional evening and weekend availability.

Minimum Qualifications


Bachelor’s Degree and 2-4 years of experience; or equivalent combination of education and experience
Demonstrated ability to interact with all levels of customers and constituents using excellent written and oral communication skills.
Proven experience with event coordination and/or support. This may include vendor management, invoice reconciliation, advertising or marketing, coordination of set up and take down, catering ordering, etc.
Ability to maintain confidentiality and discretion in a sensitive work environment,
Knowledge of office procedures and equipment


Preferred Qualifications


Project management experience
Working knowledge of CRM systems
PSU experience


Key Cultural Competencies


Create an environment that acknowledges, encourages, and celebrates differences.
Function and communicate effectively and respectfully within the context of varying beliefs, behaviors, orientations, identities, and cultural backgrounds.
Seek opportunities to gain experience working and collaborating in diverse, multicultural, and inclusive settings with a willingness to change for continual improvement.
Adhere to all of PSU’s policies including the policies on Prohibited Discrimination & Harassment and the Professional Standards of Conduct.


Environmental Stewardship

Contributes to a culture of environmental stewardship, practices resource conservation, and actively works toward achieving long-term sustainability goals.

Work Days/Hours 40 per week, Monday through Friday, 8 am-5 pm with occasional evenings and weekends as needed for event support. This position will be required to work onsite five days per week. Total Compensation Range & Benefits Statement

Salary is dependent on several factors, and new employees will typically start around the Q1 level to allow for later growth within the salary band. PSU has a structured process for determining starting compensation, taking into account years of related experience, applicable skills, knowledge and abilities, market parity, and internal equity. The starting annual salary for this position will be $53,004 but may be negotiated above this rate dependent upon the factors above, the budget of the hiring department, and approval from HR. An excellent benefits package includes 95% premium paid healthcare; a generous retirement and vacation package; and reduced tuition rates for employee, spouse or dependent at any of the Oregon University System schools : https://www.pdx.edu/human-resources/benefits-overview Please visit our total compensation calculator to see the full value of our benefits package : https://www.pdx.edu/human-resources/psu-total-compensation-calculator

Application Instructions

Additional Information Additional Application Instructions (deadlines, etc.) Does this position require the employee to drive a motor vehicle? No Background Check Required Yes Position End Date (if applicable) If you have questions

Please contact psupres@pdx.edu.

Search Details

Posting Close Date Projected Close Date for Posting Open Until Finalists Identified Application screening begins 07/27/2026 Quick Link https://jobs.hrc.pdx.edu/postings/50215

Supplemental Questions

Required fields are indicated with an asterisk (*).


* How did you first find out about this position?
PSU Website
Indeed.com
HERCJobs
Urban League of Portland
Hispanic Metropolitan Chamber
Oregon Employment Department
Social Media
Person Referral
Career Builder
Glass Door
Other - Please describe in the next Question
If you selected Other, please describe. (Open Ended Question)

Applicant Documents

Required Documents


Resume
Cover Letter
Professional References


Optional Documents
Show more 
Seniority level
Lähtötaso
Työn tyyppi
Kokopäiväinen
Työtehtävä
hallinta ja Teollisuus
Industries
Korkea-asteen koulutus
  

Lähetteet lisäävät mahdollisuuksiasi haastatteluun Portland State University, College of Urban and Public Affairs 2x

Katso, kenet tunnet
Saat ilmoituksen, kun uusi työpaikka julkaistaan.
Aseta hälytys
Samankaltaiset työpaikat
President's Office and Events Coordinator
President's Office and Events Coordinator
Career Center at Portland State University
Portland, Oregon, United States
3 viikkoa sitten
Internal Events Specialist I
Internal Events Specialist I
Affirm
Portland, Oregon, United States
4 päivää sitten
Event Planner
Event Planner
Elephants Delicatessen
Portland, Oregon, United States
1 kuukausi sitten
Administrative Assistant
Administrative Assistant
Schnitzer Properties
Portland, Oregon, United States
2 viikkoa sitten
Outreach Coordinator
Outreach Coordinator
Oregon Health & Science University
Portland, Oregon Metropolitan Area
60 257,60 $ - 90 376,00 $
5 päivää sitten
Party Coordinator
Party Coordinator
Urban Air Adventure Parks
Vancouver, Washington, United States
20,00 $ - 20,00 $
1 vuosi sitten
Show more jobs like this 
Muita katsottuja
Club Reception - Soho House Portland
Club Reception - Soho House Portland

Soho House & Co

Portland, Oregon, United States
2 viikkoa sitten
Community Lead - Lake Oswego
Community Lead - Lake Oswego

JETSET Pilates®

Lake Oswego, Oregon, United States
1 kuukausi sitten
Executive Assistant
Executive Assistant

Arc'teryx Equipment

Portland, Oregon, United States
1 viikko sitten
National Alumni Coordinator
National Alumni Coordinator

Friends of the Children

Portland, Oregon, United States
75 000,00 $ - 85 000,00 $
3 viikkoa sitten
Board Relations Coordinator and Senior Executive Administrator (Executive Assistant, Sr)
Board Relations Coordinator and Senior Executive Administrator (Executive Assistant, Sr)

Oregon Health & Science University

Portland, Oregon Metropolitan Area
77 168,00 $ - 123 281,00 $
1 viikko sitten
Project Coordinator
Project Coordinator

Premier Press

Portland, Oregon, United States
1 viikko sitten
Office Administrator
Office Administrator

UBS

Portland, Oregon, United States
2 viikkoa sitten
Communications and Events Specialist
Communications and Events Specialist

Scion Staffing

Lake Oswego, Oregon, United States
4 päivää sitten
Sales Administrator
Sales Administrator

Lennar

Vancouver, Washington, United States
2 viikkoa sitten
Community Specialist | Washington Square
Community Specialist | Washington Square

lululemon

Portland, Oregon, United States
1 viikko sitten
Samankaltaisia hakuja
Myyntinäyttelykoordinoija Työpaikkoja
35 272 avointa työpaikkaa
Konferenssisuunnittelupäällikkö Työpaikkoja
615 avointa työpaikkaa
Tapahtuman hallinta Työpaikkoja
11 813 avointa työpaikkaa
Tapahtumasuunnittelun assistentti Työpaikkoja
33 851 avointa työpaikkaa
Tapahtumavastuuhenkilö Työpaikkoja
41 874 avointa työpaikkaa
Tapahtumaesimies Työpaikkoja
7 700 avointa työpaikkaa
Tapahtumatuottaja Työpaikkoja
4 330 avointa työpaikkaa
Tapahtumasuunnittelija Työpaikkoja
11 796 avointa työpaikkaa
Kampanjavalvoja Työpaikkoja
4 298 avointa työpaikkaa
Tapahtuma-asiantuntija Työpaikkoja
46 757 avointa työpaikkaa
Bankettikoordinaattori Työpaikkoja
42 479 avointa työpaikkaa
Virkistysvalvoja Työpaikkoja
187 avointa työpaikkaa
Näytä lisää 
Tutustu LinkedInin suosituimpaan sisältöön

Löydä kuratoituja julkaisuja ja oivalluksia olennaisista aiheista yhdessä paikassa.

Näytä suosituin sisältö
Lisää hakuja 
LinkedIn
© 2026
Tietoja
Saavutettavuus
Käyttäjäsopimus
Tietosuojakäytäntö
Evästekäytännöt
Tekijänoikeuskäytännöt
Brändikäytäntö
Vieraiden hallinta
Yhteisön ohjeet
Kieli
Kirjaudu sisään nähdäksesi, keitä tunnet jo Portland State University, College of Urban and Public Affairs
Kirjaudu sähköpostiosoitteella

tai

Oletko uusi LinkedIn-käyttäjä? Liity nyt

Kun liityt tai kirjaudut sisään valitsemalla Jatka, hyväksyt LinkedInin käyttäjäsopimuksen, tietosuojakäytännön ja evästekäytännön.