Title: Public Information Officer DEM
Company: State of Utah
Location: Taylorsville, UT
URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/public-information-officer-dem-at-state-of-utah-4434504142
Posted: 2026-07-07
Deadline: 2026-07-19
Reason: The role is a generalist office position that does not require a specific technical degree.

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

Hyppää pääsisältöön
LinkedIn
Työt
Poista teksti
Poista teksti
Kirjaudu sisään
Liity nyt
Public Information Officer DEM
State of Utah  Taylorsville, Utah, United States
1 viikko sitten  50 Hakijoiden
  

Katso, kuka State of Utah on palkattu tähän rooliin

Hae 
Tallenna
FT / PT Status – Full-Time Salary – $34.91 - $57.10 Hourly Wage Remote Work / In-Office – In-Office / On-Site Recruiter – Dora Collier | dcollier@utah.gov | 3853476334 Application Deadline – 7/19/2026

Public Information Officer

Division of Emergency Management Outreach Bureau

Public Information Officer II

The Utah Division of Emergency Management is looking for a dedicated and skilled person to work as a Public Information Officer. This position works on the Public Outreach team to support the division to administer employee and stakeholder communications strategy.


Acts as a media liaison and spokesperson and may prepare subject matter experts dealing with sensitive, confidential, and potentially controversial issues, to speak to the media.
Has a proactive media pitching role and also responds to local and national media inquiries accurately and in a timely manner.
Anticipates media interest and develops, correlates and implements communication strategies consistent with the DEM mission. Prepares messages in order to educate the public and stakeholders on agency policies, programs, and outreach that enhances the understanding of preparedness, awareness, deployments, and other activities of DEM.
Develops ideas, edits, and writes frequent content for DEM social media channels, emails, publications and websites using AP Style and department writing standards.
Develops, packages and disseminates information and researches, verifies facts and answers inquiries and complaints.
Responds to GRAMA requests.
Coordinates and sometimes leads Integrated Alert & Warning System (IPAWS) messaging to support state and local responses.
Leads projects and publications for employee communications.
Serves as project manager for the external and internal division websites. Enforces DEM and department visual brand.
Resolves public information issues via the DEM info email.
Helps by representing DEM at public events and community activities. Serves on boards, councils, committees, or task forces as needed.
Assists with policies and legislative requirements and/or issues and/or requests for information. Participates in the Public Information Officers Association and helps plan the annual conference.


Qualifications

The model candidate for this position is someone who can:


Work collaboratively and productively in person or over telework (either as a teleworker or with teleworkers)
Use logic to analyze or identify underlying principles, reasons, or facts associated with information or data to draw conclusions
Use media production, communication, and dissemination techniques and methods including communicate information and ideas clearly, and concisely, in writing; read and understand information presented in AP Style writing and social media language with short deadlines
Speak clearly, concisely and effectively; listen to, and understand information and ideas as presented verbally Review and/or edit documents for accuracy, confidentiality and relevance
Research methods, techniques, and/or sources of information
Use alternative ways to inform and entertain via written, oral, and visual media
Deal with people in a manner which shows sensitivity, tact, respect and professionalism
Understand applicable laws, rules, regulations and or policies and procedures
Coordinate the activities or tasks of people, groups and/or organization(s)
Understand the agency and its organizational program(s)
Use word processing (Google platforms), presentation, layout/design, video streaming, and web-publishing software applications
Understand principles, theories, and practices of public information
Has or has the understanding of building good relationships with the media to ensure trust and transparency.


Requirements-

All positions are subject to recall around the clock for emergency management operations, which may require irregular work hours, work at locations other than the official duty station, any may include duties other than those specified in the employee's official position description.

About The Role

Location –

4315 S 2700 W

Taylorsville, Utah, 84129

United States

Background Check Required – Yes

Drug Test Required – No

Schedule Code – AX - Employees in supervisory positions

Why You Should Join Our Team

You will not only work with a professional team helping the residents of Utah become better prepared for emergenciesand disasters, but you will also receive great benefits. Click here to see the variety of benefits including medical, dental,life and disability insurance, as well as a comprehensive leave program the State of Utah offers.

Benefits

In Utah, we believe hard work is important, but balance is essential. Finding work/life balance is a vital element to our culture. To find out more about WHY Utah , click here . Other benefits may include:


Job Stability: Enjoy the security and reliability of employment within a well-established organization.
Career Growth: Develop valuable skills and gain opportunities for leadership within a large organization.
Meaningful Work: Contribute to an important service that benefits the community and supports organizational goals.
Supportive Work Environment: Be part of a team that values cooperation, strong work ethics, and mutual support.


The Agency The Utah Department of Public Safety (DPS) is comprised of 13 divisions and bureaus that include the Utah Highway Patrol, the Division of Emergency Management, Driver License division, Statewide Information and Analysis Center (SIAC), State Bureau of Investigation (SBI), State Fire Marshal, Highway Safety Office, Communications, State Crime Lab, Bureau of Criminal Identification, and Peace Officers Standards and Training (POST). The DPS dive team, aero bureau, CERT team and Public Protection Unit (PPU) also fall under the Department of Public Safety. DPS is made up of more than 1,500 state employees who are stationed across Utah.

The Department of Public Safety offers a unique and rewarding employment opportunity. More information about our agency, please visit https://dps.utah.gov/.

EEO Statement The State of Utah is committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. For accommodations, please contact (801) 957-9390.
Show more 
Seniority level
Lähtötaso
Työn tyyppi
Kokopäiväinen
Työtehtävä
Markkinointi, PR ja Kirjoittaminen/editointi
Industries
Valtionhallinto
  

Lähetteet lisäävät mahdollisuuksiasi haastatteluun State of Utah 2x

Katso, kenet tunnet

Saat ilmoituksen uusista Tiedotuksen vastuuhenkilö työpaikoista .Taylorsville, Utah, United States

Kirjaudu sisään luodaksesi työpaikkahälytyksen
Samankaltaiset työpaikat
Senate Communications Specialist
Senate Communications Specialist
State of Utah
Salt Lake City, Utah, United States
2 kuukautta sitten
Emergency Management Coordinator
Emergency Management Coordinator
City of Saratoga Springs
Saratoga Springs, Utah, United States
6 päivää sitten
Campaign and Outreach Specialist
Campaign and Outreach Specialist
WECC
Salt Lake City, Utah, United States
2 viikkoa sitten
Community & Incarcerated Family Engagement Specialist
Community & Incarcerated Family Engagement Specialist
State of Utah
Draper, Utah, United States
4 päivää sitten
Public Involvement Coordinator - Salt Lake City
Public Involvement Coordinator - Salt Lake City
David Evans and Associates, Inc.
Salt Lake City, Utah, United States
4 päivää sitten
Executive Communications Lead
Executive Communications Lead
Deloitte
Salt Lake City Metropolitan Area
4 päivää sitten
Show more jobs like this 
Muita katsottuja
Digital Content Specialist
Digital Content Specialist

doTERRA International LLC

Pleasant Grove, Utah, United States
3 viikkoa sitten
35F Intelligence Analyst
35F Intelligence Analyst

DC Army National Guard

Bluffdale, Utah, United States
1 viikko sitten
Utah State Director
Utah State Director

Environment America

Salt Lake County, Utah, United States
39 750,00 $ - 48 000,00 $
2 viikkoa sitten
Proposal Coordinator
Proposal Coordinator

Red Cat Holdings

Salt Lake City, Utah, United States
1 viikko sitten
Coordinator 1, Community Education
Coordinator 1, Community Education

Salt Lake City Corporation

Salt Lake City, Utah, United States
2 päivää sitten
Policy & Program Coordinator
Policy & Program Coordinator

Savage

Midvale, Utah, United States
2 viikkoa sitten
Deputy Recorder
Deputy Recorder

Tooele County

Tooele, Utah, United States
1 viikko sitten
Senior Corporate Communications Specialist II
Senior Corporate Communications Specialist II

Merit Medical Systems, Inc.

South Jordan, Utah, United States
17 tuntia sitten
RISK MANAGER
RISK MANAGER

Draper City

Draper, Utah, United States
2 viikkoa sitten
Process Safety Management (PSM) Coordinator
Process Safety Management (PSM) Coordinator

Utah Olympic Legacy Foundation

Park City, Utah, United States
4 päivää sitten
Samankaltaisia hakuja
Tiedotuksen vastuuhenkilö Työpaikkoja
4 337 avointa työpaikkaa
Julkisen tiedottamisen koordinoija Työpaikkoja
6 942 avointa työpaikkaa
Julkinen informaatikko Työpaikkoja
35 871 avointa työpaikkaa
Lahjoittajasuhdekoordinoija Työpaikkoja
31 711 avointa työpaikkaa
Radioreportteri Työpaikkoja
1 546 avointa työpaikkaa
Julkisuusjohtaja Työpaikkoja
1 316 avointa työpaikkaa
Mediasuhteiden toimihenkilö Työpaikkoja
3 603 avointa työpaikkaa
Urheilutietojohtaja Työpaikkoja
1 028 avointa työpaikkaa
Toimitussihteeri Työpaikkoja
1 890 avointa työpaikkaa
Aamuohjelman juontaja Työpaikkoja
110 avointa työpaikkaa
Uutispäällikkö Työpaikkoja
3 494 avointa työpaikkaa
Lehdistösihteeri Työpaikkoja
1 722 avointa työpaikkaa
Näytä lisää 
Tutustu LinkedInin suosituimpaan sisältöön

Löydä kuratoituja julkaisuja ja oivalluksia olennaisista aiheista yhdessä paikassa.

Näytä suosituin sisältö
Lisää hakuja 
LinkedIn
© 2026
Tietoja
Saavutettavuus
Käyttäjäsopimus
Tietosuojakäytäntö
Tietosuoja- ja yksityisyysvalinnat (Kalifornia)
Evästekäytännöt
Tekijänoikeuskäytännöt
Brändikäytäntö
Vieraiden hallinta
Yhteisön ohjeet
Kieli
Kirjaudu sisään nähdäksesi, keitä tunnet jo State of Utah
Kirjaudu sähköpostiosoitteella

tai

Oletko uusi LinkedIn-käyttäjä? Liity nyt

Kun liityt tai kirjaudut sisään valitsemalla Jatka, hyväksyt LinkedInin käyttäjäsopimuksen, tietosuojakäytännön ja evästekäytännön.