Title: Communications and Outreach Coordinator
Company: State of Vermont
Location: Montpelier, VT
URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/communications-and-outreach-coordinator-at-state-of-vermont-4458013344
Posted: 2026-08-28
Deadline: Open until filled
Reason: The role is a generalist office position, but it's located in Montpelier, VT, USA, which doesn't match Manju's Finnish job search criteria.

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

LinkedIn respects your privacy

LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy.

Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings.

Accept Reject
Skip to main content
LinkedIn
Jobs
Clear text
Clear text
Sign in
Join now
Communications and Outreach Coordinator
State of Vermont  Montpelier, VT
5 days ago  25 applicants
  

See who State of Vermont has hired for this role

Apply 
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Get AI-powered advice on this job and more exclusive features.

Am I a good fit for this job?
Tailor my resume
Overview

The Workforce Development Division (WFD) is seeking a Communications & Outreach Coordinator to ensure Vermonters, employers, and community partners are aware of and able to access the employment, training, and workforce development services available through the Vermont Department of Labor and its partners. As WFD's programs, partnerships, and outreach efforts continue to evolve, consistent, accessible, and coordinated communication is essential to increasing awareness and engagement.

The Communications & Outreach Coordinator will provide this capacity by coordinating communication efforts across WFD and its regional teams, developing messaging and content for a variety of audiences and platforms, and supporting outreach initiatives throughout the state. The position will help ensure that information about WFD programs and services is current, accurate, accessible, and presented in a clear and consistent manner.

The position will also strengthen WFD's ability to promote and support public-facing activities, including job fairs, hiring events, workshops, and community outreach. This includes coordinating promotional efforts, developing materials, working with community and employer partners, and helping regional teams reach the populations they serve. The coordinator will also maintain and strategically manage promotional materials so that WFD's resources are used effectively and consistently.

In addition to WFD responsibilities, the coordinator will serve on the Department's communications team within the Commissioner's office, contributing to broader department communication needs. The position will provide backup capacity for media inquiries and assist with public information, meetings, FOIA requests, and other external communications.

This position requires someone who can translate complex programs and services into clear, engaging communications; work across regions and programs; manage competing priorities; and move projects from concept through completion. The coordinator must be equally comfortable developing a communication strategy, writing and editing content, coordinating an event, working with partners, and responding to emerging communication needs.

Who May Apply

This position, Communications and Outreach Coordinator (Job Requisition #55639), is open to all State employees and external applicants.

If you would like more information about this position, please contact Jay.Ramsey@vermont.gov

Please note that multiple positions in the same work location may be filled from this job posting.

Resumes will not be accepted via e-mail. You must apply online to be considered.

Environmental Factors

Duties are performed in an office setting. Incumbent must have available private transportation for completion of field assignments on a timely basis. Weekend and evening duty may be anticipated. Certain promotional activities, required convention attendance, etc. may require overnight stays away from home.

Minimum Qualifications

Two (2) years or more of experience in communications, public or media relations, marketing, policy writing, or consumer education.

Preferred Qualifications

Bachelor's degree in communications, public relations, marketing, journalism, advertising, English, or technical and business writing.

Total Compensation

As a State employee you are offered a great career opportunity, but it's more than a paycheck. The State's total compensation package features an outstanding set of employee benefits that are worth about 30% of your total compensation, including:


80% State paid medical premium and a dental plan at no cost for employees and their families
Work/Life balance: 12 paid holidays each year and a generous leave plan
State Paid Family and Medical Leave Insurance (FMLI)
Two ways to save for your retirement: A State defined benefit pension plan and a deferred compensation 457(b) plan
Tuition Reimbursement
Flexible spending healthcare and childcare reimbursement accounts
Low cost group life insurance
Incentive-based Wellness Program
Qualified Employer for Public Service Student Loan Forgiveness Program


Want the specifics? Explore the Benefits of State Employment on our website.

Equal Opportunity Employer The State of Vermont celebrates diversity, and is committed to providing an environment of mutual respect and meaningful inclusion that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. The State does not discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, membership in an employee organization, family medical history or genetic information, or family or parental status. The State's employment decisions are merit-based. Retaliatory adverse employment actions by the State are forbidden.
Show more 
Seniority level
Entry level
Employment type
Full-time
Job function
Other
Industries
Government Administration
  

Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at State of Vermont by 2x

See who you know

Get notified about new Outreach Coordinator jobs in Montpelier, VT.

Sign in to create job alert
Jobs
Assistant Sports Information Director jobs
Communications and Outreach Coordinator
Similar jobs
Communications, Volunteer, and Operations Specialist
Communications, Volunteer, and Operations Specialist
City of Burlington, Vermont
Winooski, VT
4 days ago
Communications, Volunteer, and Operations Specialist
Communications, Volunteer, and Operations Specialist
Burlington Electric Department
Winooski, VT
4 days ago
Community & Events Outreach Coordinator
Community & Events Outreach Coordinator
Chittenden Solid Waste District
South Burlington, VT
5 days ago
Community & Events Outreach Coordinator
Community & Events Outreach Coordinator
Chittenden Solid Waste District
Williston, VT
2 weeks ago
Communications Coordinator
Communications Coordinator
University of Vermont
Burlington, VT
4 days ago
Social Content and Community Specialist.
Social Content and Community Specialist.
Dartmouth College
Hanover, NH
1 month ago
Show more jobs like this 
People also viewed
Content Specialist
Content Specialist

Vail Resorts

Stowe, VT
1 week ago
Community Support Liaison
Community Support Liaison

City of Burlington, Vermont

Greater Burlington Area
2 weeks ago
Assistant Director of MOVE
Assistant Director of MOVE

Saint Michael's College

Colchester, VT
$53,600 - $57,000
1 week ago
Director of Community Experiences and Wellness Coordinator at Hillel at Dartmouth College
Director of Community Experiences and Wellness Coordinator at Hillel at Dartmouth College

Hillel International

Hanover, NH
2 months ago
Education Programs Coordinator II - Early Childhood Inclusion
Education Programs Coordinator II - Early Childhood Inclusion

State of Vermont

Montpelier, VT
2 weeks ago
Job Opportunity: Support Services Specialist
Job Opportunity: Support Services Specialist

Vermont Mountain Bike Association

South Burlington, VT
11 months ago
Digital Fundraising Strategy Lead
Digital Fundraising Strategy Lead

American Heart Association

Burlington, VT
1 day ago
Community &amp; Events Outreach Coordinator
Community &amp; Events Outreach Coordinator

Chittenden Solid Waste District

South Burlington, VT
2 weeks ago
Outreach Coordinator/Community Liaison
Outreach Coordinator/Community Liaison

BAART Programs

Berlin, VT
7 months ago
Program Manager.
Program Manager.

Dartmouth College

Hanover, NH
3 weeks ago
Similar Searches
Assistant Sports Information Director jobs
196 open jobs
Outreach Assistant jobs
39,726 open jobs
Senior Product Support Specialist jobs
13,307 open jobs
Community Relations Coordinator jobs
33,596 open jobs
Outreach Intern jobs
1,460 open jobs
Residence Life Coordinator jobs
168 open jobs
Student Life Coordinator jobs
33,555 open jobs
Marketing Communications Project Manager jobs
656 open jobs
Research Program Coordinator jobs
7,316 open jobs
Teaching Associate jobs
52,920 open jobs
Sports Information Director jobs
1,028 open jobs
Regional Marketing Specialist jobs
26,511 open jobs
Show more 
Explore top content on LinkedIn

Find curated posts and insights for relevant topics all in one place.

View top content
More searches 
LinkedIn
© 2026
About
Accessibility
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Copyright Policy
Brand Policy
Guest Controls
Community Guidelines
Language
Sign in to see who you already know at State of Vermont
Sign in with Email

or

New to LinkedIn? Join now

By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.