Title: In-House Privacy & Info Security Counsel
Company: State Farm
Location: Chicago, IL
URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/in-house-privacy-info-security-counsel-at-state-farm-4455692792
Posted: 2026-08-26
Deadline: N/A
Reason: The role is a generalist office position, but it requires an active Illinois law license and 7+ years of privacy/information security experience which Manju does not have.

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

LinkedIn kunnioittaa yksityisyyttäsi

LinkedIn ja kolmannet osapuolet käyttävät välttämättömiä ja ei-välttämättömiä evästeitä palvelujemme tarjoamiseen, suojaamiseen, analysointiin ja parantamiseen sekä osuvien mainosten näyttämiseen sinulle (mukaan lukien ammattilais- ja työpaikkailmoitukset) LinkedInissä ja niiden ulkopuolella. Lisätietoja on evästekäytännössämme.

Hyväksy ei-välttämättömien evästeiden käyttö valitsemalla Hyväksy tai estä niiden käyttö valitsemalla Hylkää. Voit päivittää valintasi milloin tahansa asetuksista.

Hyväksy Hylkää
Hyppää pääsisältöön
LinkedIn
Työt
Poista teksti
Poista teksti
Kirjaudu sisään
Liity nyt
In-House Privacy & Info Security Counsel
State Farm  Chicago, Illinois, United States
1 viikko sitten   Ole ensimmäisten 25 hakijan joukossa
  

Katso, kuka State Farm on palkattu tähän rooliin

Hae 
Tallenna
Overview

Being good neighbors – helping people, investing in our communities, and making the world a better place – is who we are at State Farm. It is at the core of how we operate and the reason for our success. We're moving with urgency to become a Next Gen Good Neighbor, with technology that strengthens human connections and enhances the customer experience. As an employee, you'll spend less time navigating systems and more time applying judgment, empathy, and expertise in the moments that matter most.

Responsibilities

State Farm is excited to announce the opening of a satellite office in Chicago. We are seeking particular subject matter expertise to supplement our Bloomington based Corporate Law Team.

Are you an experienced counsel ready to make a meaningful impact at the intersection of law, technology, and business? State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company is seeking a talented in-house counsel to join our Privacy and Information Security Unit (PISU) within the Corporate Law Department.

The Opportunity

At State Farm, our Law Department is more than a legal function—we are trusted business partners who help shape strategy, manage risk, and support one of America's most recognized brands. Our attorneys are challenged with sophisticated legal issues, empowered to make meaningful contributions, and supported by a collaborative culture that has been a hallmark of State Farm since 1922.

In this pivotal role as a member of the PISU team, you will provide legal guidance across a broad range of enterprise programs, including privacy, technology, information security, risk management, and compliance. You’ll be at the forefront of our digital transformation journey, working with AI and machine learning initiatives, helping to drive innovation while effectively managing regulatory, contractual, and reputational risks.

If you are a forward thinking legal professional excited about working at the intersection of law, technology, and business, we encourage you to explore this opportunity with State Farm!

Key Responsibilities:


Provide legal guidance on federal and state privacy and information security laws, enterprise risk management, and compliance and ethics programs
Counsel on related areas such as information retention, crisis management, AML/OFAC, business continuity, telematics, and technology-related matters
Collaborate cross-functionally to navigate the fast-changing landscape of law, technology, and business priorities.


Location & Work Arrangement:


This position will be located in our new Chicago satellite office located in the West Loop and offers a hybrid work arrangement. This means you will work both in the office and remotely, with the majority of your time spent on-site. Please note that work arrangements may evolve over time depending on business needs.
Travel to Corporate Headquarters in Bloomington may be required on occasion.


Qualifications


Must have a Juris Doctorate (J.D.) degree from ABA accredited law school and excellent academic credentials
Must have an active license to practice law in at least one state and be a member in good standing of the bar
If not already licensed to practice law in Illinois, you will need to obtain at least an in-house limited license for this role, submit an application to the Illinois Board of Admissions within 90 days from your start date, actively pursue the licensure, and keep your supervisor informed throughout the process.
An ideal candidate will have 7+ years of experience with
privacy and/or information security laws regulations
risk and/or compliance programs
Strong understanding of AI governance and data lifecycle risk management, combined with a proactive, continuous learning mindset in the evolving AI and cybersecurity regulatory landscape.
Current CIPP/US and/or CIPT Certifications is a significant plus.
Demonstrated adaptability, learning agility, and the ability to excel in a collaborative environment
Applicants should be able to demonstrate success anticipating legal issues and enabling clients’ needs through the practice of practical, preventative law.
Applicants are required to be eligible to lawfully work in the U.S. immediately; employer will not sponsor applicants for U.S. work opportunity.


Additional Details:


Other than as authorized by the General Counsel or her designee, employees are not permitted to handle any legal business outside of State Farm except authorized pro bono work
Newly hired employees must cease all outside practice and all suit involvement before joining State Farm
Limited travel may be required via commercial transportation or driving to job related activities and occasional travel to Corporate Headquarters in Bloomington, IL
May work irregular hours due to workload and nature of the work
Relocation benefits may be available depending on eligibility and position


Our Benefits

Because work-life balance is a priority at State Farm, compensation is based on our standard 38:45-hour work week!


Potential starting salary range: $185,000.00 - $280,000.00
Starting salary will be based on skills, background, and experience
High end of the range limited to applicants with significant relevant experience
Potential yearly incentive pay up to 30% of base salary


At State Farm, we offer more than just a paycheck. Check out our suite of benefits designed to give you the flexibility you need to take care of you and your family!


Get Paid! On top of our competitive pay, you are eligible for an annual raise and bonus.
Stay Well! Focus on you and your family’s health with our robust health and wellbeing programs. State Farm pays most of your healthcare premium, and we offer multiple healthcare plan options, including a high deductible plan. All medical plans provide 100% coverage for in-network preventative care, AND you and your family have access to vision, dental, telemedicine, 24/7 mental health professionals, and much more!
Develop and Grow! Take advantage of educational benefits like industry leading training programs, top-notch tuition assistance programs, employee resource groups, and mentoring.
Plan Ahead! Plan for those big moments in life with benefits like fertility/IVF/adoption assistance, college coaching, national discount programs, interactive monthly financial workshops, free financial coaching, and more. You can also start a savings account or consider financing through our State Farm Federal Credit Union!
Take a Little “You” Time! You will have access to our generous time off policies designed so you can plan around holidays, family events, volunteering, or just to take a relaxing day off. With the opportunity to initially earn up to 20 days annually plus parental leave, paid holidays, celebration day, life leave (40 hours/year), bereavement leave, and community service/education support days, there will be plenty of time for you!
Give Back! We offer several ways to give back through our Matching Gift Program, Good Neighbor Grant Program, and the Employee Assistance Fund.
Finish Strong! Plan for retirement using free financial advisors and a 401(k) plan with company contributions of up to 7% of your salary.


Visit our State Farm Careers page for more information on our benefits, locations, and the hiring process of joining the State Farm team!

PM22


Show more 
Seniority level
Keskijohto
Työn tyyppi
Kokopäiväinen
Työtehtävä
Oikeudelliset asiat
Industries
Vakuutusala
  

Lähetteet lisäävät mahdollisuuksiasi haastatteluun State Farm 2x

Katso, kenet tunnet

Saat ilmoituksen uusista Privacy Lawyer työpaikoista .Chicago, Illinois, United States

Kirjaudu sisään luodaksesi työpaikkahälytyksen
Työpaikat
Korvausyksikön päällikkö Työpaikkoja
In-House Privacy & Info Security Counsel
Samankaltaiset työpaikat
In-House Privacy & Info Security Counsel
In-House Privacy & Info Security Counsel
Illinois State Bar Association
Chicago, Illinois, United States
1 viikko sitten
Senior Counsel, Legal, Privacy & AI Products
Senior Counsel, Legal, Privacy & AI Products
Lenovo
Chicago, Illinois, United States
6 päivää sitten
Assistant General Counsel- Head of North America Privacy
Assistant General Counsel- Head of North America Privacy
Aon
Chicago, Illinois, United States
5 päivää sitten
Principal Counsel, Regulatory & Privacy
Principal Counsel, Regulatory & Privacy
Eight Sleep
Will County, Illinois, United States
250 000,00 $ - 325 000,00 $
4 päivää sitten
Privacy Counsel
Privacy Counsel
EVERSANA
Chicago, Illinois, United States
103 515,00 $ - 145 230,00 $
2 viikkoa sitten
Senior Counsel, Privacy, Commercial Retail Media
Senior Counsel, Privacy, Commercial Retail Media
Walgreens
Deerfield, Illinois, United States
150 000,00 $ - 240 625,00 $
3 päivää sitten
Show more jobs like this 
Muita katsottuja
Head of Legal - Technology and Procurement
Head of Legal - Technology and Procurement

Northern Trust

Chicago, Illinois, United States
1 viikko sitten
Commercial Counsel
Commercial Counsel

Attentive

Chicago, Illinois, United States
1 viikko sitten
Data Privacy Analyst II
Data Privacy Analyst II

ALDI USA

Aurora, Illinois, United States
1 kuukausi sitten
Senior Counsel – Technology Transaction Attorney
Senior Counsel – Technology Transaction Attorney

UL Solutions

Northbrook, Illinois, United States
5 päivää sitten
Senior Director of Information Risk & Governance
Senior Director of Information Risk & Governance

Modern Health

Chicago, Illinois, United States
3 viikkoa sitten
Senior Counsel – Technology Transaction Attorney
Senior Counsel – Technology Transaction Attorney

UL Solutions

Chicago, Illinois, United States
5 päivää sitten
Senior Legal Counsel (Technology and Procurement)
Senior Legal Counsel (Technology and Procurement)

Northern Trust

Chicago, Illinois, United States
2 viikkoa sitten
Assistant General Counsel - Innovation, Data, Analytics & AI - Vice President
Assistant General Counsel - Innovation, Data, Analytics & AI - Vice President

JPMorganChase

Chicago, Illinois, United States
183 350,00 $ - 242 000,00 $
2 viikkoa sitten
Associate Product Counsel, Networking and Infrastructure
Associate Product Counsel, Networking and Infrastructure

Google

Chicago, Illinois, United States
1 tunti sitten
Senior Counsel, AI Legal Operations & Commercial
Senior Counsel, AI Legal Operations & Commercial

BioSpace

North Chicago, Illinois, United States
6 päivää sitten
Samankaltaisia hakuja
Korvausyksikön päällikkö Työpaikkoja
1 268 avointa työpaikkaa
Arvioija Työpaikkoja
7 018 avointa työpaikkaa
Korvaustiimin päällikkö Työpaikkoja
1 871 avointa työpaikkaa
Autokorvaussovittelija Työpaikkoja
3 230 avointa työpaikkaa
Kenttätoimihenkilö Työpaikkoja
3 533 avointa työpaikkaa
Liiketoiminta-analytiikan johtaja Työpaikkoja
5 741 avointa työpaikkaa
Vahinkoilmoituskäsittelijä Työpaikkoja
8 988 avointa työpaikkaa
Diagnostiikkateknikko Työpaikkoja
97 776 avointa työpaikkaa
itsenäinen agentti Työpaikkoja
41 362 avointa työpaikkaa
Myynnintuottaja Työpaikkoja
4 465 avointa työpaikkaa
Omaisuusvastaava Työpaikkoja
3 756 avointa työpaikkaa
Vakuutusagentti Työpaikkoja
52 647 avointa työpaikkaa
Näytä lisää 
Tutustu LinkedInin suosituimpaan sisältöön

Löydä kuratoituja julkaisuja ja oivalluksia olennaisista aiheista yhdessä paikassa.

Näytä suosituin sisältö
Lisää hakuja 
LinkedIn
© 2026
Tietoja
Saavutettavuus
Käyttäjäsopimus
Tietosuojakäytäntö
Evästekäytännöt
Tekijänoikeuskäytännöt
Brändikäytäntö
Vieraiden hallinta
Yhteisön ohjeet
Kieli
Kirjaudu sisään nähdäksesi, keitä tunnet jo State Farm
Kirjaudu sähköpostiosoitteella

tai

Oletko uusi LinkedIn-käyttäjä? Liity nyt

Kun liityt tai kirjaudut sisään valitsemalla Jatka, hyväksyt LinkedInin käyttäjäsopimuksen, tietosuojakäytännön ja evästekäytännön.