Title: Public Information Officer
Company: State of Wisconsin
Location: Madison, WI
URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/public-information-officer-at-state-of-wisconsin-4432034122
Posted: 2026-06-12
Deadline: Open until filled
Reason: The role of Public Information Officer matches Manju's event management and communications experience from her International House Oulu (IHO) internship.

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

LinkedIn kunnioittaa yksityisyyttäsi

LinkedIn ja kolmannet osapuolet käyttävät välttämättömiä ja ei-välttämättömiä evästeitä palvelujemme tarjoamiseen, suojaamiseen, analysointiin ja parantamiseen sekä osuvien mainosten näyttämiseen sinulle (mukaan lukien ammattilais- ja työpaikkailmoitukset) LinkedInissä ja niiden ulkopuolella. Lisätietoja on evästekäytännössämme.

Hyväksy ei-välttämättömien evästeiden käyttö valitsemalla Hyväksy tai estä niiden käyttö valitsemalla Hylkää. Voit päivittää valintasi milloin tahansa asetuksista.

Hyväksy Hylkää
Hyppää pääsisältöön
LinkedIn
Työt
Poista teksti
Poista teksti
Kirjaudu sisään
Liity nyt
Public Information Officer
State of Wisconsin  Madison, Wisconsin, United States
1 viikko sitten   Ole ensimmäisten 25 hakijan joukossa
  

Katso, kuka State of Wisconsin on palkattu tähän rooliin

Hae 
Tallenna
Arvioi sopivuuttasi tekoälyn avulla

Hanki tekoälypohjaisia neuvoja tähän työhön ja muita eksklusiivisia ominaisuuksia.

Olenko sopiva tähän työhön?
Räätälöi ansioluetteloni
Introduction

Step into a role where your communication skills make a statewide impact. Join the team that keeps Wisconsin informed, connected, and prepared when it matters most.

The State of Wisconsin, Department of Military Affairs (DMA), Wisconsin Emergency Management (WEM) is hiring a Public Information Officer (Communications Specialist Senior). This position is located in the Joint Force Headquarters, 2400 Wright Street, Madison. Our convenient location is near Madison College and adjacent to the Dane County Regional Airport with access to major highways. Our facility includes a fantastic fitness center, indoor pickleball court, and free on-site parking.

The DMA provides essential, effective, and responsive military and emergency management capability for the citizens of our state and nation. During emergencies, no single organization can handle the response. The DMA consists of several organizations working together to plan, prepare, coordinate, and respond effectively when our communities and neighbors need us the most.

WEM builds capabilities and coordinates resources to support a safe and resilient Wisconsin. WEM is the state’s lead agency for coordinating effective disaster response and recovery efforts in support of local and tribal governments from natural and human-caused/technological events. WEM works alongside local, tribal, state, and federal agencies as well as volunteer and private-sector partners.

Benefits

We offer an opportunity to engage with a team of dedicated professionals, with a truly worthwhile mission. DMA offers flexible schedules and great life/work balance. This position is eligible for limited telework after an initial training period. In addition to meaningful and rewarding work, we offer a competitive benefits package featuring:


Substantial leave time including at least 3.5 weeks of vacation to start, 9 paid holidays, and ample accrued sick time that rolls over each year.
Excellent and affordable health, vision, and dental benefits (health plan options start at just $45/month for single plans and $111/month for family plans after two months of employment).
A casual atmosphere and flexible work schedules, depending on the position's requirements.
An exceptional pension plan with employer match and lifetime retirement payment, plus an optional tax advantaged 457 retirement savings plan.
Well Wisconsin Wellness Program: A free and confidential employee assistance program that offers employees and their immediate family dependents a variety of tools, resources, and professional consultation services to support their health, goals, and overall wellbeing.
Working for Wisconsin State Government may make you eligible for the Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program


Position Summary

The Public Information Officer is responsible for assisting in organizing, developing and directing statewide programs vital to mitigating injuries, loss of life, and property for the citizens of Wisconsin. This position also assists with coordinating the division’s social media programs, joint information planning with external partners, and media campaigns that include press releases and media interviews.

This position will also assist the DMA Government Affairs Office in providing public information support to the Wisconsin Homeland Security Council (HLSC) and general agency public information operations. This includes developing press releases, speeches and coordinating media interviews.

Due to the emergency responsibilities of the Department, this position may require extensive field work, extended hours in the State Emergency Operations Center (SEOC), and travel; and may be required to work holidays and weekends with little or no advance notice.

Salary Information

Starting pay is between $32.00 and $36.00 per hour. For current permanent state employees, pay will be set in accordance with the State Compensation Plan.

To learn more about the complete compensation package, please visit the Total Rewards Calculator.

Job Details

In order to gain access to DMA facilities or air bases, and to determine whether the circumstances of any conviction may be related to the job being filled, DMA will conduct a comprehensive background check.

Must have the ability to travel to various worksites throughout the state as needed.

This position will participate in emergency response exercises and may assist in the response to actual emergency situations, which may involve overnight travel, with little or no advance notice, for extended periods of time, including weekends and evenings.

The Department of Military Affairs does not sponsor work visas at the time of hire or anytime during employment. All persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and complete the required Employment Eligibility Form I-9.

This is a State of Wisconsin Civil Service position. The DMA does not require current or previous military experience.

All new permanent, project, and limited term employees will be required to report to Joint Force Headquarters (JFHQ) in Madison on the Monday of their first week of employment for the New Employee Orientation (NEO) program. Additional information will be sent to the new employees and their supervisors on the Tuesday prior to NEO.

Qualifications

Candidates who meet minimum qualifications will have experience with:


Writing and editing press releases, reports, newsletter articles, or other strategic communications.
Establishing and maintaining effective working relationships with the news media, internal staff, public and industry officials and/or the general public as an organization’s spokesperson.
Responding to inquiries and requests from members of the public, customers, policy experts, and/or elected officials.
Social media management to amplify messages and grow audiences.


In addition to the minimum qualifications, well-qualified candidates will also have the following preferred qualifications:


Managing the development and implementation of communication plans for an organization.
Navigating complex issues that may be controversial in nature that may impact the general public (i.e., issues that are politically sensitive).
Working with high level stakeholders such as an appointed or elected official, CEOs, Communication Directors, Executive Directors, etc.
Working in communications, journalism, marketing, emergency communications, or related field.


Your resume and letter of qualification are very important parts of your application. In these materials, you should clearly describe your education, training, and experience as they relate to the bulleted items listed above.

Your qualifications should be addressed in your resume and expanded upon in your letter of qualifications. These materials are used during our evaluation process to determine your qualifications as they relate to the job.

Here are instructions on developing your resume and letter of qualifications and what should be included in these materials. The vast majority of applicants are able to outline their background and experience in their resume in 1-3 pages; the same applies to the letter of qualification.

How To Apply

Apply online!

Click “Apply for Job” to start the application process. If you have not signed into your account, you will need to sign in before applying. If you do not have an account, click “Register Now” to register for an account and apply for the job. Follow the steps outlined in the application process and submit your application.

Helpful Information


You will be able to save your application as many times as needed and make edits up until the point you submit your application. Please note that once you submit your application, you will not be able to make any updates to the application or any materials submitted.
You will be required to attach your current resume and letter of qualifications in a Word or PDF compatible format.
Please monitor your email for communications related to this position.
Consider saving a copy of the job announcement for future reference.
For instructions on developing your resume and letter of qualifications and what should be included in these materials, click here. Submitted materials will be evaluated by a panel of job experts and the most qualified applicants will be invited to participate in the next step of the selection process.
Permanent classified state employees who are eligible for consideration (transfer, voluntary demotion, or reinstatement) should complete the online application process.
Applications must be submitted through Wisc.Jobs. Failure to submit all required materials will result in an incomplete application and ineligibility for this position. Application materials will not be accepted if received in an incompatible format, an email, as a hard copy or a fax.


If viewing through an external site, please click here to apply directly at Wisc.Jobs.

The Department of Military Affairs is an equal opportunity employer seeking a diverse and talented workforce. Veterans, women, people of color, LGBTQIA+, and people with disabilities are encouraged to apply. We provide reasonable accommodations to qualified applicants and employees with disabilities. For complete information on veterans’ hiring programs that may benefit you, please visit the Employment Assistance page on the Wisconsin Department of Veterans Affairs’ website.

Veterans with a 30%-or-greater service-connected disability rating are eligible for consideration for non-competitive appointment to permanent positions in classified civil service under s. 230.275, WI Stats. Please visit the Veterans Employment page for more information about the program and how to apply. Current state employees in permanent positions are not eligible for non-competitive appointment.

For general wisc.jobs user information and technical assistance, please see the wisc.jobs Frequently Asked Questions page. The Wisc.Jobs helpdesk is available Monday-Friday, 7:45am - 4:30pm at 608-267-1012 or wiscjobs@wisconsin.gov. Some applicants report better performance when using the Chrome browser.

Questions regarding the application process can be directed to Michele Sorum at michele.sorum@widma.gov or 608-242-3149.

Deadline to Apply

The online application process must be completed by 11:59 p.m. on Tuesday, July 7, 2026. Late applications will not be accepted.
Show more 
Seniority level
Lähtötaso
Työn tyyppi
Kokopäiväinen
Työtehtävä
Markkinointi, PR ja Kirjoittaminen/editointi
Industries
Valtionhallinto
  

Lähetteet lisäävät mahdollisuuksiasi haastatteluun State of Wisconsin 2x

Katso, kenet tunnet
Saat ilmoituksen, kun uusi työpaikka julkaistaan.
Aseta hälytys
Samankaltaiset työpaikat
Press Assistant
Press Assistant
Democratic Party of Wisconsin
Madison, Wisconsin, United States
4 päivää sitten
Senior Public Engagement and Communications Specialist
Senior Public Engagement and Communications Specialist
HNTB
Madison, Wisconsin, United States
3 viikkoa sitten
Operations & Communications Specialist
Operations & Communications Specialist
Wisconsin Community Action Program Association, Inc. (WISCAP)
Madison, Wisconsin, United States
6 päivää sitten
UW Connects Marketing Specialist
UW Connects Marketing Specialist
University of Wisconsin-Madison
Madison, Wisconsin, United States
1 viikko sitten
Communications Manager
Communications Manager
Bethel Lutheran Church
Madison, Wisconsin, United States
1 viikko sitten
Communications Manager
Communications Manager
Wisconsin Cheese Makers Association
Madison, Wisconsin, United States
1 kuukausi sitten
Show more jobs like this 
Muita katsottuja
Digital Experience Strategist
Digital Experience Strategist

UW Health

Madison, Wisconsin, United States
3 viikkoa sitten
Conservation Advocate
Conservation Advocate

Environment America

Madison, Wisconsin, United States
39 750,00 $ - 46 000,00 $
3 viikkoa sitten
Principal, Government Relations
Principal, Government Relations

Pearson

Madison, Wisconsin, United States
2 viikkoa sitten
Video and Design Manager
Video and Design Manager

Democratic Party of Wisconsin

Madison, Wisconsin, United States
4 päivää sitten
Communications Project Manager
Communications Project Manager

PMs for Hire

Madison, Wisconsin, United States
1 viikko sitten
Development Writer
Development Writer

Forward Service Corporation

Madison, Wisconsin, United States
1 päivä sitten
Hunger Advocacy Fellow - Lutheran Office of Public Policy in Wisconsin
Hunger Advocacy Fellow - Lutheran Office of Public Policy in Wisconsin

Evangelical Lutheran Church in America

Madison, Wisconsin, United States
2 viikkoa sitten
Social Media Account Executive
Social Media Account Executive

Hiebing

Madison, Wisconsin, United States
15 tuntia sitten
Content Marketing Manager, Market Research
Content Marketing Manager, Market Research

ApartmentIQ

Madison, Wisconsin, United States
4 viikkoa sitten
Telecommunications Equipment Operator
Telecommunications Equipment Operator

U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs

Madison, Wisconsin, United States
40 736,00 $ - 52 957,00 $
6 päivää sitten
Samankaltaisia hakuja
Julkisen tiedottamisen koordinoija Työpaikkoja
6 942 avointa työpaikkaa
Julkinen informaatikko Työpaikkoja
35 871 avointa työpaikkaa
Lahjoittajasuhdekoordinoija Työpaikkoja
31 711 avointa työpaikkaa
Radioreportteri Työpaikkoja
1 546 avointa työpaikkaa
Julkisuusjohtaja Työpaikkoja
1 316 avointa työpaikkaa
Mediasuhteiden toimihenkilö Työpaikkoja
3 603 avointa työpaikkaa
Urheilutietojohtaja Työpaikkoja
1 028 avointa työpaikkaa
Toimitussihteeri Työpaikkoja
1 890 avointa työpaikkaa
Aamuohjelman juontaja Työpaikkoja
110 avointa työpaikkaa
Uutispäällikkö Työpaikkoja
3 494 avointa työpaikkaa
Lehdistösihteeri Työpaikkoja
1 722 avointa työpaikkaa
Uutistuottaja Työpaikkoja
2 038 avointa työpaikkaa
Näytä lisää 
Tutustu LinkedInin suosituimpaan sisältöön

Löydä kuratoituja julkaisuja ja oivalluksia olennaisista aiheista yhdessä paikassa.

Näytä suosituin sisältö
Lisää hakuja 
LinkedIn
© 2026
Tietoja
Saavutettavuus
Käyttäjäsopimus
Tietosuojakäytäntö
Evästekäytännöt
Tekijänoikeuskäytännöt
Brändikäytäntö
Vieraiden hallinta
Yhteisön ohjeet
Kieli
Kirjaudu sisään nähdäksesi, keitä tunnet jo State of Wisconsin
Kirjaudu sähköpostiosoitteella

tai

Oletko uusi LinkedIn-käyttäjä? Liity nyt

Kun liityt tai kirjaudut sisään valitsemalla Jatka, hyväksyt LinkedInin käyttäjäsopimuksen, tietosuojakäytännön ja evästekäytännön.