Title: Secretary
Company: Town Of Minden
Location: Gardnerville, NV
URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/secretary-at-town-of-minden-4446675902
Posted: 2026-08-04
Deadline: Open until filled
Reason: The role fits a generalist office position, but requires further review of the full job posting to confirm it's an appropriate match for Manju's background and experience.

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

LinkedIn respects your privacy

LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy.

Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings.

Accept Reject
Skip to main content
LinkedIn
Jobs
Clear text
Clear text
Sign in
Join now
Secretary
Town Of Minden  Gardnerville, NV
2 weeks ago   Be among the first 25 applicants
  

See who Town Of Minden has hired for this role

Description


Applications are reviewed regularly. Postings may close prior to the listed date. Individuals are encouraged to apply immediately.**


Douglas County Community Services is seeking an individual to fill the important role of Secretary for the Senior Services division. In addition to the administrative duties of the office, this public facing role serves as a friendly face representing the Senior Center and is responsible for screening and directing visitors and calls to ensure that individuals are provided with the correct information or resources they are seeking. Requiring strong customer-service skills and the ability to multi-task in a busy environment, the position assists the Community Services team in the effective administration of the Senior Services office through the efficient and timely accomplishment of all tasks assigned. The right individual for the role will be someone who learns quickly, is comfortable with technology, and has a drive to provide the best service possible to our senior community members.

Primary Objectives

Performs intermediate work providing paraprofessional level administrative support to a division manager and related supervisory and professional staff; providing direction to office support staff; performs related tasks as apparent or assigned.

Supervision Exercised

None

Primary Duties And Responsibilities


Receives and screens visitors and telephone calls, providing factual information which may require the interpretation and application of policies and procedures; takes messages or refers the caller to the proper person.
Researches and compiles a variety of informational materials from sources both inside and outside the office to which assigned.
Opens and sorts mail and attaches pertinent backup materials; processes outgoing mail as required.
Initiates specified correspondence independently for signature by appropriate supervisory or professional staff; reviews finished materials for completeness, accuracy, format, compliance with policies and procedures, and appropriate English usage.
Enters, edits and retrieves numeric and statistical data and narrative information into computerized systems; prepares periodic and special reports.
Organizes and maintains various departmental files; purges files as requested; may prepare payroll information and maintain unit personnel files.
Follows up on projects, transmits information, and keeps informed of unit activities.
Schedules and arranges for meetings; arranges for rooms and necessary travel, preparing agendas, supplying meeting notes, informal minutes or summarizing meeting results as required.
Organizes own work, sets priorities and meets critical deadlines.
May provide project direction to office support staff on a project basis; may instruct staff in work procedures and/or review work for format, accuracy and consistency.
Maintains accurate records and files related to the areas of assignment.
Contributes to the efficiency and effectiveness of the unit's service to its customers by offering suggestions and directing or participating as an active member of a team.
Provides information to the public or to County staff that requires the use of judgment and the interpretation of policies, rules or procedures.
Enters and retrieves data and prepares reports using a variety of software programs; reviews such reports for accuracy and makes corrections as required; operates standard office equipment.
Represents the County with dignity, integrity, and a spirit of cooperation in all relationships with staff and the public.
Contributes effectively to the accomplishment of team or work unit goals, objectives, and activities.


Minimum Qualifications

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS/CERTIFICATIONS & LICENSES


High School diploma or GED and three (3) years of experience with administrative support; OR an equivalent combination of education, training and experience.


CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES


May require Nevada Notary Public within six (6) months of date of employment


WORKING CONDITIONS/ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

WORKING CONDITIONS

The characteristics listed below are representative of the physical demands, physical agility, sensory requirements, and environmental exposures required by an individual to successfully perform the essential duties of this position. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential duties.


This work requires the regular exertion of up to 25 pounds of force and occasional exertion of up to 50 pounds of force.
Work regularly requires sitting, speaking or hearing and using hands; frequently requires repetitive motions; occasionally requires standing, walking and pushing or pulling.
Work has standard vision requirements; vocal communication is required for expressing ideas by means of the spoken word; hearing is required to receive detailed information through oral communication and/or to make fine distinctions in sound.
Work requires preparing and analyzing written or computer data, operating machinery and observing general surroundings and activities.
Work is generally in a moderately noisy location (e.g. business office, light traffic).
Work frequently requires exposure to outdoor weather conditions; occasionally requires working in high/precarious places, exposure to extreme cold (non-weather), exposure to extreme heat (non-weather) and exposure to bloodborne pathogens (may be required to wear specialized personal protective equipment).


ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS


Continued employment is contingent upon all required licenses and certificates being maintained in active status without suspension or revocation.
Employment is contingent upon successful completion of background/screening.
Douglas County participates in E-Verify and will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), with information from each applicant’s Form I-9 to confirm work authorization. All candidates who are offered employment must complete Section 1 of the Form I-9 along with the required proof of their right to work in the United States and proof of their identity prior to starting employment. Please be prepared to provide required documentation as soon as possible after the job offer is made.
This job description indicates, in general, the nature and levels of work, knowledge, skills, abilities and other essential functions expected of the incumbent. The duties listed above are intended only as illustrations of the various types of work that may be performed. The omission of specific statements of duties does not exclude them from the position if the work is similar, related, or a logical assignment to the position. Incumbent may be asked to perform other duties as required.


Douglas County provides benefits to full-time employees. Benefits are prorated for part-time employees working 20–29 hours per week. Part-time employees working 19 hours or less, as well as on-call employees, are not eligible for benefits.

No Nevada State income tax.

Retirement – Public Employees' Retirement System of Nevada (PERS)

Douglas County contributes 36.75% of an eligible regular member and 50% of an eligible Police and Fire member's salary for retirement.

Deferred Compensation Plans – Employees have the option to participate in a deferred compensation program through VOYA, which is funded by the employee.

Employee Perks


Vacation: Accrued at the rate of 4.6154 hours per pay period, or 120 hours per year (increase with years of service).
Sick Leave : Earned at the rate of 3.6923 hours per pay period, or 96 hours per year.
Holidays: 12 paid holidays per year.
Employee Recognition Programs
Annual Gym Membership
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Tuition Reimbursement Programs


Health Insurance

As a Douglas County employee, you’ll enjoy a comprehensive benefits package with several medical plan options, plus dental and vision coverage, life insurance, and disability insurance. Benefits start on the first of the month after a 30-day waiting period. To learn more about our health insurance and employee benefits, please visit our website for details.

Compensation

Douglas County uses a Pay for Performance compensation system, where employees receive annual performance evaluations and may be eligible for merit-based salary increases. Qualified employees can earn up to a 3% merit increase on their anniversary date, and may also receive an annual Cost of Living Adjustment (COLA) during the first pay period of each fiscal year, based on the Consumer Price Index, up to a maximum of 5%. In addition, eligible employees who demonstrate exceptional, above-and-beyond performance may receive further compensation through the County’s Recognition of Excellence Program.

01

What is your highest level of completed education?


High School or GED
Vocational Certification
Associate's Degree
Bachelor's Degree
Master's Degree or Higher
None of the Above


02

If you indicated a degree above, what was the major?

03

How many years of experience do you possess providing administrative support?


No experience
Less than 1 year
1 year
2 years
3 years
4 years
5 or more years


04

Briefly describe your experience, if any, of providing administrative support, including description of duties performed.

05

Are you a current Notary Public in the State of Nevada, or are you able to become one within six (6) months of date of employment? (Obtaining Notary commission is funded by the department)


I am a current Notary Public in the State of Nevada
I am able to become a Notary Public within six (6) months of date of employment.
I AM NOT a current Notary Public and WILL NOT be able to become one within six (6) months of date of employment.


06

How many years of experience do you possess providing customer service?


No experience
Less than 1 year
1 year
2 years
3 years
4 years
5 years or more


07

Briefly describe your experience, if any, of providing customer service, including whether it was in-person, by phone, or through some other method.

08

What is your level of proficiency using Microsoft Excel?


No experience
Beginner
Intermediate
Advanced


09

Do you have experience with any of the following? Indicate all that apply.


Recording and Preparing Meeting Minutes
Records and Files Maintenance and Retention Best Practices
Data Entry
Working with Seniors or Individuals with Disabilities
Accounts Payables/Receivables Processing
Explaining Rules, Policies, and Procedures


10

Briefly describe why you are interested in the Secretary position with Douglas County Senior Services.

11

Douglas County requires applicants to list all work history from your most current employment to 10 years back. If relevant experience is over 10 years please list it on your application. ***Writing "See Resume" on the application in place of completing your information is not acceptable.*** Have you listed your current employment through 10 years of work history on your application in addition to listing any relevant experience that exceeds 10 years?


Yes, I have listed all work history from most current to 10 years back.
I do not have 10 years of work history, but I have included all employment history.
I have relevant experience that exceeds 10 years, and I have included the experience on my application.
No, I have not listed all work history from most current to 10 years back.


12

Are you able to perform the primary duties and responsibilities of the job listed on the job description with or without a reasonable accommodation?


Yes
No


13

Douglas County employees are required to uphold the County's Values and are evaluated based upon these Values. MISSION STATEMENT Working together with integrity and accountability, the Douglas County team is dedicated to providing essential and cost-effective public services fostering a safe, healthy, scenic, and vibrant community for the enjoyment of our residents and visitors. VALUES STATEMENT Integrity - We demonstrate honest and ethical conduct through our actions. Accountability - We accept responsibility for our actions. Customer Service - We deliver efficient and effective service with an attitude of respect and fairness. Leadership - We establish the tone and direction for success motivating and inspiring others to accomplish a shared vision. Communication - We ensure open dialogue through proactive listening and sharing of information throughout the organization and the community. Teamwork - We work together to achieve shared goals. Respect - We will treat all citizens, employees, and visitors with respect. Do you understand Douglas County's Mission and Values Statement and will you be able to uphold them if hired?


Yes
No
Required Question
Show more 
Seniority level
Mid-Senior level
Employment type
Full-time
Job function
Administrative
Industries
Government Administration
  

Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Town Of Minden by 2x

See who you know

Get notified about new Secretary jobs in Gardnerville, NV.

Sign in to create job alert
Similar jobs
Secretary (40 hrs./wk., 260 days)
Secretary (40 hrs./wk., 260 days)
Washoe County School District
Reno, NV
3 days ago
Receptionist
Receptionist
Reno-Tahoe Airport Authority
Reno, NV
3 days ago
Warehouse Office Support
Warehouse Office Support
The Home Depot
Spanish Springs, NV
$23 - $23
5 months ago
Administrative Coordinator
Administrative Coordinator
Green Thumb Industries (GTI)
Carson City, NV
2 weeks ago
Secretary
Secretary
Renown Health
Reno, NV
1 week ago
Office Clerk Housekeeping-Swing-Eldorado
Office Clerk Housekeeping-Swing-Eldorado
Caesars Entertainment
Reno, NV
1 month ago
Show more jobs like this 
People also viewed
Corporate Client Service Representative
Corporate Client Service Representative

Capitol Services

Carson City, NV
3 weeks ago
Rack Clerk-Eldorado
Rack Clerk-Eldorado

Caesars Entertainment

Reno, NV
2 months ago
Administrative Assistant
Administrative Assistant

HORIBA LAQUA EMEA

Reno, NV
3 weeks ago
Receptionist
Receptionist

Life Care Centers of America

Reno, NV
2 weeks ago
Administrative Assistant 1
Administrative Assistant 1

Ormat Technologies, Inc.

Reno, NV
4 days ago
Administrative Assistant
Administrative Assistant

Figure

Reno, NV
1 week ago
School Secretary-Long term Substitute TES
School Secretary-Long term Substitute TES

Tahoe Truckee Unified School District

Truckee, CA
3 days ago
Front Office Administrator
Front Office Administrator

SVM

Sparks, NV
$21 - $28
2 weeks ago
Academic Administrative Assistant- Full Time
Academic Administrative Assistant- Full Time

Unitek Learning

Reno, NV
1 week ago
Planning Admin - 1st shift
Planning Admin - 1st shift

Foot Locker

Sparks, NV
1 week ago
Similar Searches
Medical Secretary jobs
50,539 open jobs
Administrative Secretary jobs
51,988 open jobs
Executive Secretary jobs
38,534 open jobs
Figure Skating Instructor jobs
18 open jobs
Executive Assistant to the President jobs
1,654 open jobs
Ice Skating Instructor jobs
55 open jobs
Receptionist jobs
64,579 open jobs
Department Secretary jobs
5,708 open jobs
Reference Instruction Librarian jobs
121 open jobs
Administrative Assistant jobs
66,842 open jobs
Cash Management Supervisor jobs
2,260 open jobs
Assistant to the Director jobs
152,423 open jobs
Show more 
Explore top content on LinkedIn

Find curated posts and insights for relevant topics all in one place.

View top content
More searches 
LinkedIn
© 2026
About
Accessibility
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Copyright Policy
Brand Policy
Guest Controls
Community Guidelines
Language
Sign in to see who you already know at Town Of Minden
Sign in with Email

or

New to LinkedIn? Join now

By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.