Title: Preceptor
Company: Watson Institute
Location: Finland
URL: https://fi.linkedin.com/jobs/view/preceptor-at-watson-institute-4427539578
Posted: 2023-06-12
Deadline: Open until filled
Reason: The job is a Trainee / Internship Role (Legal) that requires a Finnish law degree, which matches Manju's current qualifications and her ongoing course work to obtain a Finnish qualification.

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

LinkedIn kunnioittaa yksityisyyttäsi

LinkedIn ja kolmannet osapuolet käyttävät välttämättömiä ja ei-välttämättömiä evästeitä palvelujemme tarjoamiseen, suojaamiseen, analysointiin ja parantamiseen sekä osuvien mainosten näyttämiseen sinulle (mukaan lukien ammattilais- ja työpaikkailmoitukset) LinkedInissä ja niiden ulkopuolella. Lisätietoja on evästekäytännössämme.

Hyväksy ei-välttämättömien evästeiden käyttö valitsemalla Hyväksy tai estä niiden käyttö valitsemalla Hylkää. Voit päivittää valintasi milloin tahansa asetuksista.

Hyväksy Hylkää
Hyppää pääsisältöön
LinkedIn
Työt
Poista teksti
Poista teksti
Kirjaudu sisään
Liity nyt
Preceptor
Watson Institute  Finland
5 päivää sitten   Ole ensimmäisten 25 hakijan joukossa
  

Katso, kuka Watson Institute on palkattu tähän rooliin

Hae
Tallenna
Arvioi sopivuuttasi tekoälyn avulla

Hanki tekoälypohjaisia neuvoja tähän työhön ja muita eksklusiivisia ominaisuuksia.

Olenko sopiva tähän työhön?
Räätälöi ansioluetteloni
Watson Institute provided pay range

This range is provided by Watson Institute. Your actual pay will be based on your skills and experience — talk with your recruiter to learn more.

Base pay range
1 300,00 $ /v - 3 000,00 $ /vuosi
Overview of Watson Institute

Watson Institute powers transformative Fellowships in partnership with leading corporations and foundations to support highly promising entrepreneurs and leaders from underserved backgrounds. The Fellowships provide proven entrepreneurship and leadership skills training, committed mentorship, community development stipends, long-term Alumni support, and access to a global community of peers, mentors, and opportunities.

In partnership with Google, JPMorganChase Foundation, Walmart.org, Wells Fargo, Ford Philanthropy, SAP, Truist Foundation, BMO, Comcast, Western Union, and several private foundations, Watson Institute's programs will reach over 2,400 rising leaders this year.

Alumni of Watson Institute's Fellowships have raised over $190 million, created over 2,300 paid jobs, and impacted over 11 million people around the world through initiatives they have helped lead. 93% of Watson Institute alums are employed, continuing their education, or building a venture. 85% of Watson Institute Alumni use a skill they learned while in a Watson Institute-powered program up to 12 years later. Watson Institute's Alumni have been selected to Y Combinator, the Echoing Green Fellowship, and 11 have been named to Forbes' 30 under 30 lists. Alums continue their education at Harvard University, New York University, and Princeton University, among others.

Preceptor - Mission Statement

To inspire, advise, and guide Watson Institute Fellows to accelerate their ventures and impact as they progress through the 16-week Fellowship. Unlike traditional instructors, Preceptors combine real-world experience with facilitation expertise to create highly engaging, action-oriented learning experiences. They help Fellows apply new skills directly to their ventures, careers, and leadership development. Our strongest Preceptors are founders, operators, investors, executives, educators, and ecosystem builders who are passionate about helping others grow.

Position Breakdown:

Preceptors are Watson Institute's equivalent of experts in residence. They are carefully selected practitioners, leaders, and entrepreneurs who teach Watson Institute curriculum, draw on a wealth of personal experience, and individually advise Watson Institute Fellows (Fellowship participants). Preceptors are hired as contractors to facilitate a range of entrepreneurial topics, including but not limited to: Foundations, Data & Metrics, Funding, Go-to-Market, Pitch, and Team Management.

We use the term Preceptor, as this term specifically refers to one who performs the dual role of practitioner and educator, and we hire Preceptors who have one foot in the impact space and one foot in entrepreneurial education. We intentionally identify Preceptors whose experience is rooted in practice, rather than theory. As a preceptor, your primary responsibility will be to lead a designated block within the program. Each block typically comprises two to four modules, focusing on specific themes or topics relevant to the overall program objectives.

As a Preceptor, your responsibilities include preparing content, facilitating virtual sessions, providing mentorship and coaching, providing feedback on Fellow deliverables, attending program meetings, and participating in onboarding and training activities. While time commitments vary by Fellowship, candidates should expect a part-time commitment throughout the duration of their assigned Fellowship. Additional details regarding time commitments, scheduling, and responsibilities will be shared during the interview process and confirmed prior to hire.

Module Delivery Methodology:

We always aim to implement content and experiences rooted in application, not in theory. While theory and lecture certainly have their place in our content, on the spectrum from highly academic/theoretical to purely experiential, we fall near the experiential end. This is an intentional decision and part of our unique value proposition. We aim to ensure that modules, as well as outside work, are highly relevant to building a venture and to building themselves as leaders. We strive to create an experience that is highly relevant, rigorous, and (always) engaging!

At Watson Institute, it is important that we consistently follow the 5-step facilitation process, which enables for 80% of the modules to be focused on practicing and applying a skill/framework to a Fellow's ventures (i.e., application), and 20% of the time to be focused on introducing the skill and framework (i.e., lecture). Aligning with the Gallup/Purdue poll, which emphasizes the importance of Fellows applying what they are learning to something they are passionate about on a daily basis, we organize our pedagogy for each module accordingly.

Our module delivery follows the best practices below:


Creating Clear Learning Outcomes: Precise, measurable, and specific statements defining the knowledge, skills, attitudes, and competencies Fellows are expected to attain
Creating Aligned in-Session Activities: Activities should be designed to measure whether Fellows have understood the intended learning outcomes and are able to apply it directly to their venture.
Having a Fellow-Centered Approach: Encourages a shift from a teacher-centered to a learner-centered approach, focusing on individual Fellows' progress and allowing for diverse learning styles and venture stages
Being Flexible and Adaptability: We highly recommend you review the Fellow profiles before you create the material for your Block. We will go over the Fellows' profiles and highlights during the Orientation, but it would be helpful to understand the venture stage(s) present in the cohort. We aim to serve the "missing middle" in our Fellowship, which is a Venture Stage 7-8. Review the Venture Staging document here.
Continuous Improvement: Ongoing assessment and feedback mechanisms enable us to continuously improve our program. We have two surveys that Fellows complete (mid- and end-of-program surveys), and we will provide you with feedback as well.


Learning Management System:

The learning management system (LMS) that we use to deliver our programs is Google Classroom. As part of your role, we ask that Preceptors upload all of their materials in a timely manner to help us provide the best possible fellow-user experience. You will be provided a prep checklist prior to your session.

Mentorship Role:

As part of the Preceptor role, we ask that each Preceptor set aside 4 hours per module they teach to advise Fellows as part of the Mentorship component. We are relying on you to help challenge, encourage, and guide Fellows as they navigate the complexities of creating social change and solving significant problems in the world. Your advice and support are integral to their experience at Watson Institute. Fellows who would like to participate in mentorship will sign up to schedule a 1-on-1 with you, with each session lasting 30 minutes. This would allow you to meet with a maximum of 8 Fellows over 16 weeks for each module you teach. You are welcome to extend your availability at your meeting times at your discretion.

We encourage you to protect your time and guide Fellows in properly handling accountability and responsibility for your meetings with them. We will be encouraging Fellows to write a goal they have for their time with you and advice, from a personal and professional perspective - challenging Fellows to reflect on what they want the ideal outcome to be. This is intended to guide the conversations and your time together. *We kindly request that all Preceptors keep a record of their mentorship sessions by submitting a brief form. Watson Institute will provide this form to you following the orientation with your onboarding materials.


New responsibilities may develop as the Preceptor position evolves


Requirements

Culture Add

In order to thrive as a Preceptor at Watson Institute, a candidate must:


Detail-Oriented: You are meticulous and have excellent organizational skills. You are especially attuned to spotting mistakes or inconsistencies in writing and external communications. You take pride in completing your work accurately and on schedule. You have a knack for project management and a love for work plans and checklists. You cringe at missed steps and you are the first to identify a typo or formatting error
Intentional: Your working style is about creating order and planning ahead. You think systematically and excel at establishing elegant processes
Results-Driven: You bring an eagerness to grow and to roll up your sleeves and contribute. You have a go-getter attitude and a drive to solve all sorts of problems, no matter the size or shape. When something is your responsibility, you find a way to see it through to the end
High Integrity: You will be asked to make sensitive and critical judgment calls, and as such, you are known for your integrity and you take that reputation seriously. You always choose to make the right decision versus the easy decision. You know what information is sensitive, and you will protect it accordingly. You are comfortable escalating issues and holding your ground when you think it's the right thing to do for the organization and mission
Systems-minded: Demonstrated experience in building and implementing systems. You are comfortable designing, testing, improving, and smoothly running systems and processes. This could be any system that involves inputs from or serves multiple people and requires consistent and accurate functioning
Communication Style: Based on a story from Watson Institute's early days, ‘Come to the Window' represents the principles of our communication including:
Obligation to Dissent: If you disagree with a decision or direction as an organization, you are expected to bring attention to this challenge because true leaders believe dissent is an obligation
Disagree and Commit: To complement Obligation to Dissent, there are times when we need to Disagree and Commit. Once all concerns and criticisms are shared, the course of action must be committed to by all involved
No Drama: We prioritize purpose and don't involve ourselves in the drama created by backroom chatter, hearsay, and unnecessary focus on issues that do not place impact first
Go to the Source: Our culture is defined by direct, honest, and frequent communication. We expect team members to ‘go to the source' of concerns by speaking up, communicating frequently, and taking issues directly to the individuals involved


Candidate Profile:

Top candidates demonstrate:


5+ years of relevant professional experience in entrepreneurship, startup development, venture support, social impact, business growth, or a related field
Experience building, scaling, investing in, or supporting ventures. This may include experience as a founder, operator, investor, advisor, mentor, or ecosystem builder
A passion for teaching, coaching, mentoring, and facilitating learning experiences that help entrepreneurs navigate challenges and unlock growth opportunities
A belief in practical, experiential learning and the ability to create engaging environments where entrepreneurs learn through action, reflection, and peer collaboration
Experience working with entrepreneurs and individuals from diverse cultural, socioeconomic, and academic backgrounds, along with a demonstrated commitment to fostering inclusive learning environments
A deep understanding of the founder journey, including the resilience, adaptability, and resourcefulness required to navigate uncertainty and adversity
A growth mindset and commitment to continuous learning. Ideal Preceptors stay current on industry trends, best practices, and emerging technologies, bringing fresh insights and perspectives to their work
A strong commitment to ethical leadership, social responsibility, and helping the next generation of founders and changemakers succeed


Benefits

The Vitals


Competitive contractor compensation: $1,300-$3,000 per block, depending on Fellowship, module count, and scope of engagement
The Preceptor is a contractor role and reports to the Design Team
Location: We aim to work with the communities we serve; candidates from the following key geographies will be prioritized:
United States: California, Colorado, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Nebraska, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Texas, Wisconsin
International: China, Finland, Netherlands, and United Kingdom.
Estimated Time Commitment: Approximately 25-35 hours
The anticipated start date for this position will vary based on Fellowship assignment and program needs. All Preceptors are expected to begin onboarding and engagement in August 2026
The anticipated end date for this position will vary by Fellowship and program schedule. Most Fellowship cohorts conclude in December 2026 or January 2027, with the possibility of extension based on organizational needs, program needs, and performance
We accept applications on a rolling basis until the position is filled.
Show more 
Seniority level
Junior
Työn tyyppi
Toimeksisaaja
Työtehtävä
Koulutus
Industries
IT-palvelut ja -konsultointi
  

Lähetteet lisäävät mahdollisuuksiasi haastatteluun Watson Institute 2x

Katso, kenet tunnet
Saat ilmoituksen, kun uusi työpaikka julkaistaan.
Aseta hälytys
LinkedIn
© 2026
Tietoja
Saavutettavuus
Käyttäjäsopimus
Tietosuojakäytäntö
Evästekäytännöt
Tekijänoikeuskäytännöt
Brändikäytäntö
Vieraiden hallinta
Yhteisön ohjeet
Kieli
Kirjaudu sisään nähdäksesi, keitä tunnet jo Watson Institute
Kirjaudu sähköpostiosoitteella

tai

Oletko uusi LinkedIn-käyttäjä? Liity nyt

Kun liityt tai kirjaudut sisään valitsemalla Jatka, hyväksyt LinkedInin käyttäjäsopimuksen, tietosuojakäytännön ja evästekäytännön.