Title: Event Specialist
Company: Women of the Vine & Spirits
Location: Woodinville, WA
URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/event-specialist-at-women-of-the-vine-spirits-4414241061
Posted: 2026-06-12
Deadline: Open until filled
Reason: The role is an office-based event specialist position that fits Manju's background in organizing community events and digital service deployment.

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

LinkedIn kunnioittaa yksityisyyttäsi

LinkedIn ja kolmannet osapuolet käyttävät välttämättömiä ja ei-välttämättömiä evästeitä palvelujemme tarjoamiseen, suojaamiseen, analysointiin ja parantamiseen sekä osuvien mainosten näyttämiseen sinulle (mukaan lukien ammattilais- ja työpaikkailmoitukset) LinkedInissä ja niiden ulkopuolella. Lisätietoja on evästekäytännössämme.

Hyväksy ei-välttämättömien evästeiden käyttö valitsemalla Hyväksy tai estä niiden käyttö valitsemalla Hylkää. Voit päivittää valintasi milloin tahansa asetuksista.

Hyväksy Hylkää
Hyppää pääsisältöön
LinkedIn
Työt
Poista teksti
Poista teksti
Kirjaudu sisään
Liity nyt
Event Specialist
Women of the Vine & Spirits  Woodinville, Washington, United States
1 kuukausi sitten  32 Hakijoiden
  

Katso, kuka Women of the Vine & Spirits on palkattu tähän rooliin

Hae 
Tallenna
Arvioi sopivuuttasi tekoälyn avulla

Hanki tekoälypohjaisia neuvoja tähän työhön ja muita eksklusiivisia ominaisuuksia.

Olenko sopiva tähän työhön?
Räätälöi ansioluetteloni
Company

Ste Michelle Wine Estates

Location

Woodinville, WA

Other

Sales

Apply

A full-time Event Specialist job in Woodinville, WA is available at Chateau Ste. Michelle. As an Event Specialist, you will coordinate primarily private events, internal trade events, and assist with the planning of consumer events (40-300 people) while providing exceptional customer and client experiences. During concert season, you will be in various support roles.

This is a full-time, hourly role that is eligible for tips. This position is primarily onsite, with limited remote flexibility. Depending on business needs and event schedules, remote work may be available up to one day per week, though it is not guaranteed. Remote work once per week is more common during winter months, while spring and summer operations require a fully onsite presence. The typical schedule is Monday-Friday, with flexibility to work evenings and weekends as needed to support events.

Ste. Michelle Wine Estates is the largest wine company in the Pacific Northwest, and among the largest premium wine companies in the U.S, with roots dating back to 1933. Throughout our 90+ year history, what has remained constant is our unwavering commitment to quality, service to our customers, and connection with our community. We are proud that our award-winning wines farmed in Oregon and Washington are an expression of all the best things about the Pacific Northwest - the spirit of people, the abundance of the land, and the excellence-driven culture. Our distinctive portfolio of wines, including Chateau Ste. Michelle, 14 Hands, Columbia Crest, Intrinsic, Liquid Light, Northstar, and Spring Valley Vineyard, are enjoyed across the U.S. and distributed in over 100 countries.

Event Specialist Job Responsibilities Include


Provide effective and concise communication across multiple departments and locations throughout Ste. Michelle including Sales, Marketing, Communications, Guest Services, and external contacts to ensure elevated level of service and experience for all guests.
Support all phases of event execution, including pre-planning, wine sample ordering and coordination, scheduling, timeline and run-of-show troubleshooting, menu coordination with culinary teams, audio/visual coordination, and other administrative tasks as assigned by department leadership.
Assist the Consumer Events and Concerts Manager with projects and operational needs related to concert season and internal requests, taking on various support roles as required.
Plan and execute the internal SMWE VIP concert experience end-to-end, including logistics, guest flow, hospitality standards, and coordination with internal stakeholders.
Collaborate with the events team to assist in planning and executing consumer-facing events, contributing to event concepts, logistics, and on-site management.
Execute against monthly private event sales goals, maintaining awareness of revenue targets and actively supporting efforts to drive private and corporate event bookings.
Act as the internal point of contact for onsite brand activations, media events and sales tradeshows, coordinating logistics and ensuring brand standards are upheld
Provide on-site event leadership, including vendor coordination, guest engagement, problem-solving, and real-time adjustments to ensure successful outcomes.


Physical Requirements


Able to lift and carry up to 50 pounds.
Able to stand for extended periods of time.
Ability to sit for extended periods of time at a desk.
Ability to move tables and chairs in and out of event spaces.
Ability to set up and break down event spaces.


Position Requirements


Must be at least 21 years of age with high school diploma or equivalent.
Bachelor's degree is preferred in Hospitality Management, Communications, or related field.
Two (2) or more years of administrative support role experience preferably in hospitality, with event planning experience strongly preferred.
MAST 12 Class Permit and Food Handler's Permit required.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills with advanced level of proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite, including Excel and MS Visio.
Able to work in a fast-paced environment with frequent and overlapping deadlines.
Excellent organizational, critical thinking skills and the ability to handle multiple priorities.
Professional demeanor with ability to work effectively with international partners, customers and all-levels of internal personnel.
Highly organized and detail-oriented, with the ability to manage multiple priorities simultaneously while maintaining strong follow-up and clear, professional communication.
Experience with calendar management and coordinating meetings.
History of responsible use of alcohol and other appropriate conduct, as well as fitness to be licensed, permitted, and/or certified by state and/or local regulatory bodies.


Your Compensation

$23.50 - 30.54 per hour based upon relevant experience.

At Ste. Michelle Wine Estates we believe in paying our employees equal pay for equal work. Individual offers are made dependent upon a candidate's prior experience and education level as it pertains to the role.

Benefits Of Working With Ste. Michelle Wine Estates

Our Total Rewards programs are designed to attract, motivate, and retain talented, curious people with a passion for innovation, collaboration, continuous improvement, and growth. We offer leading programs that inspire and reward superior performance and foster an inclusive, diverse, and healthy workforce.


Health Care Coverage including medical, dental, vision & prescription - eligible on date of hire for full-time employees
Paid Vacation & Holidays
401(k) with Employer Match and Supplemental Contribution
Employee Wine Discounts


Culture At Ste. Michelle

We Challenge: We are driven to succeed in everything we do, and we challenge ourselves and our team to perform at the highest level.

We Care: We put people first - our team, our consumers, our customers, our communities.

We Collaborate: We believe there is nothing we can't accomplish - together - and we believe lifting up those around us is essential to achieving both individual and collective success.

Harvest your potential, Uncork the possibilities! If you are interested in a Event Specialist position in Woodinville, WA please apply now.

Need assistance with the application process? Click here to review step by step instructions available in English or Spanish .

Ste. Michelle Wine Estates is an equal opportunity employer. We consider qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, disability, gender identity, protected veteran status, or other protected class. For more information, see the EEOC's " Equal Employment Opportunity is The Law " poster.

Apply
Show more 
Seniority level
Lähtötaso
Työn tyyppi
Kokopäiväinen
Työtehtävä
hallinta ja Teollisuus
Industries
Ruoka- ja juomapalvelut
  

Lähetteet lisäävät mahdollisuuksiasi haastatteluun Women of the Vine & Spirits 2x

Katso, kenet tunnet
Saat ilmoituksen, kun uusi työpaikka julkaistaan.
Aseta hälytys
Samankaltaiset työpaikat
Event Specialist
Event Specialist
Ste. Michelle Wine Estates
Woodinville, Washington, United States
1 kuukausi sitten
Party Coordinator
Party Coordinator
Urban Air Adventure Parks
Tukwila, Washington, United States
55 000,00 $ - 65 000,00 $
4 kuukautta sitten
Events Manager
Events Manager
Aurelian
Seattle, Washington, United States
85 000,00 $ - 125 000,00 $
1 kuukausi sitten
MEETING AND EVENT PLANNER - EVENTIONS
MEETING AND EVENT PLANNER - EVENTIONS
Eurest USA
Redmond, Washington, United States
5 päivää sitten
Catering Sales Associate | Full-Time | Seattle Aquarium
Catering Sales Associate | Full-Time | Seattle Aquarium
Oak View Group
Seattle, Washington, United States
2 viikkoa sitten
Event Captain
Event Captain
Five Iron Golf
Kirkland, Washington, United States
2 kuukautta sitten
Show more jobs like this 
Muita katsottuja
Director of Events
Director of Events

Spire Hospitality

SeaTac, Washington, United States
2 viikkoa sitten
Program Coordinator - Youth & Family Programs
Program Coordinator - Youth & Family Programs

City of Redmond, WA

Redmond, Washington, United States
1 viikko sitten
Special Events Manager
Special Events Manager

Lakeside School

Seattle, Washington, United States
86 500,00 $ - 92 000,00 $
2 viikkoa sitten
Manager of Private Dining, Events & Partnerships
Manager of Private Dining, Events & Partnerships

Onni Group of Companies

Seattle, Washington, United States
4 kuukautta sitten
Event Technician Audio Visual
Event Technician Audio Visual

Zillow

Seattle, Washington, United States
4 päivää sitten
Strategic Growth Partner (Business Development & Events Coordinator)
Strategic Growth Partner (Business Development & Events Coordinator)

Northwest Periodontics & Implants

Issaquah, Washington, United States
6 päivää sitten
Project/Program Manager I (SDA)
Project/Program Manager I (SDA)

King County, WA

Seattle, Washington, United States
5 päivää sitten
BUSINESS MANAGER - EVENTIONS
BUSINESS MANAGER - EVENTIONS

Eurest USA

Redmond, Washington, United States
1 päivä sitten
Community Specialist
Community Specialist

Plymouth Housing

Seattle, Washington, United States
3 viikkoa sitten
Events Coordinator
Events Coordinator

Bath Planet

Renton, Washington, United States
3 viikkoa sitten
Samankaltaisia hakuja
Myyntinäyttelykoordinoija Työpaikkoja
35 272 avointa työpaikkaa
Tapahtumapäällikkö Työpaikkoja
35 306 avointa työpaikkaa
Kampanjavalvoja Työpaikkoja
4 298 avointa työpaikkaa
Tapahtumakoordinoija Työpaikkoja
47 684 avointa työpaikkaa
Tapahtumatuottaja Työpaikkoja
4 330 avointa työpaikkaa
Kokousjärjestelijä Työpaikkoja
35 058 avointa työpaikkaa
Kokoustapahtumien koordinaattori Työpaikkoja
33 273 avointa työpaikkaa
Tapahtumasuunnittelija Työpaikkoja
11 796 avointa työpaikkaa
Konferenssitapahtumapäällikkö Työpaikkoja
1 639 avointa työpaikkaa
Yritysviestintäjohtaja Työpaikkoja
4 588 avointa työpaikkaa
Tapahtuman hallinta Työpaikkoja
11 813 avointa työpaikkaa
Opiskelijatoiminnan johtaja Työpaikkoja
2 639 avointa työpaikkaa
Näytä lisää 
Tutustu LinkedInin suosituimpaan sisältöön

Löydä kuratoituja julkaisuja ja oivalluksia olennaisista aiheista yhdessä paikassa.

Näytä suosituin sisältö
Lisää hakuja 
LinkedIn
© 2026
Tietoja
Saavutettavuus
Käyttäjäsopimus
Tietosuojakäytäntö
Evästekäytännöt
Tekijänoikeuskäytännöt
Brändikäytäntö
Vieraiden hallinta
Yhteisön ohjeet
Kieli
Kirjaudu sisään nähdäksesi, keitä tunnet jo Women of the Vine & Spirits
Kirjaudu sähköpostiosoitteella

tai

Oletko uusi LinkedIn-käyttäjä? Liity nyt

Kun liityt tai kirjaudut sisään valitsemalla Jatka, hyväksyt LinkedInin käyttäjäsopimuksen, tietosuojakäytännön ja evästekäytännön.